Niseko Ski Hotel | Higashiyama Niseko Village, a Ritz-Carlton Reserve
Skip to
main content
Menu text
Menu close text
Marriott Logo
Marriott Logo
Find & Reserve
Deals & Packages
Meetings & Events
Our Brand
About Marriott Bonvoy
Our Credit Cards
Careers at Marriott
Language Selector
English(US)
Help
Select a Language
English(US)
日本語
简体中文
Close
Close Dialog
Higashiyama Niseko Village, a Ritz-Carlton Reserve
Overview
Suites & Rooms
Dining
Destination & Activities
Spa
Gallery
Higashiyama Niseko Village, a Ritz-Carlton Reserve
VIEW MAP
VIEW MAP
+81 136-44 3491
RESERVE
Cancel
DATES
(
1
NIGHT)
NIGHTS)
Flexible in
Specific Dates
Flexible Dates
S
M
T
W
T
F
S
Number of Nights
Remove Nights
1
Add Nights
Done
Continue with
NIGHT
NIGHTS
Rooms & Guests
1
Room,
Rooms,
1
Adult
Adults
1
Child
Children
Cancel
Maximum
8
guests per room
Rooms
(Max: 3 Rooms/person)
-
1
+
Adults
(Max: 8 total guests/room)
-
1
+
Children
(Max: 8 total guests/room)
-
0
+
AGE OF CHILDREN (REQUIRED)
Done
Special Rates
Lowest Regular Rate
Cancel
Special Rates/points
Select a Rate
Lowest Regular Rate
Corp/Promo Code
&times;
Senior Discount
AAA/CAA
Government & Military
Group Code
&times;
Marriott Bonvoy Points
ADD CORP/PROMO CODE
Done
View Rates
Ratings & Reviews
Bazaar Voice
Ratings & Reviews
Bazaar Voice
Experience the beauty of nature at our Niseko Village resort
Experiences
Nature and adventure are equally abundant at Niseko Village; so, too, are the opportunities to enjoy them. With nearby Mount Yotei and Mount Niseko Annupuri serving as the backdrop, our Niseko Village ski resort offers unrivaled access to experiences that challenge the physique, inspire the mind, and awaken the senses. From luxury spa treatments to the exhilaration of nearby ski resorts, the beauty, bounty and mystique of Hokkaido beckon.
Spa Chasi La Sothys
In the language of Niseko's indigenous Ainu, "chasi" translates to "sanctuary." Drawing from the true meaning of the word, Spa Chasi La Sothys offers a retreat high in the mountains and surrounded by forests, home of the Ainu's mythological divine spirit.
Phone:
+81 136-44 3491
Mon,Wed,Fri-Sun:
1:00 PM-10:00 PM
Tue,Thu:
Closed
Appointment required
Services,Treatments and Amenities
Couples Massages
Eye Treatment
Facials
Massages
Scalp & Hair Treatment
Fitness Center
Our Niseko ski resort's fitness center offers Technogym cardio machines with breathtaking views.
Open 7 days a week, 24 hours a day
Equipment Available
Cardiovascular Equipment
Elliptical Machine(s)
Exercise Bike(s)
Free Weights
Rowing Machine(s)
Stair Climber(s)
Strength Equipment
Treadmill(s)
Weight Machines
Skiing
Niseko Village
Boot warmers
Ski Lockers
Winter Experiences
Known for the quality and quantity of its snow, the Niseko United ski area has long been a destination for devout skiers. The mountains offer an average annual snowfall of 60 feet, making them ideal for skiing, snowboarding, snowshoeing, and more. With the expertise of this Niseko ski hotel's Higashiyama Reservists, one can explore the slopes with the knowledge of a local and the excitement of a newcomer.
Higashiyama Reservists
With the knowledge of having lived on and explored the land, the resort’s team of mountain experts create curated ski adventures with everything one needs for a day or night on the slopes.
Niseko United Ski Area
Guests have direct access to 2,191 acres of skiable terrain including 30 miles of groomed slopes, 70 runs and nearly 12 miles of backcountry skiing.
Summer Experiences
Summer springs new life in Niseko Village as the mountain landscape blooms with emerald forests and curious wildlife. Through a curated collection of expert-led activities, including hiking, cycling and horseback riding, guests can experience a thrilling adventure or a tranquil journey amid nature.
In the Air
Take in Niseko Village from the clouds with engaging activities that include tree trekking, zip-lining, rail sliding and hot air balloon rides.
On the Ground
The mountainous terrain, abundant with flora and fauna, can be explored independently or with a guide on trekking, biking and horseback riding excursions.
Higashiyama Reservists
Our team of select experts for our exclusive summer lifestyle programmes, possess an intimate knowledge of the local environment and natural wonders. They will lead guests on inspiring journeys to discover nature’s fleeting beauty and create opportunities for independent discoveries throughout the green season.
Golf at Higashiyama Niseko Village
As the chill of winter is replaced by the energizing arrival of summer, Niseko transforms into a haven for golfers from around the world. Moments from our Niseko Village resort, two 18-hole golf courses challenge players visiting Hokkaido to remain focused amid breathtaking natural beauty.
Niseko Village Golf Course
Carved into the thick forest and overlooking Mount Yotei and the Hokkaido mountain range, this par 73, 6,845-yard course challenges golfers of all skill sets. It won the World Golf Awards in 2019.
Author a room pool
for which API response Exists
Close button
Niseko Golf Course
This par 72, 6,805-yard course is both a challenge and a beauty. Designed by the legendary Arnold Palmer, the course near our Niseko Village resort is known for its signature fifth hole: a slightly elevated green guarded by bunkers and water that requires precision and concentration.
Author a room pool
for which API response Exists
Close button
Frequently Asked Questions
Does Higashiyama Niseko Village, a Ritz-Carlton Reserve have a fitness center on-site?
Yes. Higashiyama Niseko Village, a Ritz-Carlton Reserve offers a complimentary fitness center to hotel guests during their stay.
The fitness center includes equipment such as Cardiovascular Equipment, Elliptical Machine(s), Exercise Bike(s), Free Weights, Rowing Machine(s), Stair Climber(s), Strength Equipment, Treadmill(s), and Weight Machines, making it suitable for both quick workouts and full training sessions.
Does Higashiyama Niseko Village, a Ritz-Carlton Reserve have an on-site spa?
Yes, Spa Chasi La Sothys is located on-site at Higashiyama Niseko Village, a Ritz-Carlton Reserve.
Unlock your stay with the Marriott Bonvoy™ App
HIGASHIYAMA NISEKO VILLAGE, A RITZ-CARLTON RESERVE
Overview
Suites & Rooms
Dining
Destination & Activities
Spa
Gallery
Privacy Center
919-28 Aza Soga, Niseko cho, Abuta gun,
Niseko, Hokkaido, Japan, 048-1522
Fax:
+81 136-44 3493
Prevention of Anti-Social Forces:
The hotel may refuse access to any individual or entity associated with any organized crime group, as defined in the Act on the Prevention of Unjust Acts by Organized Crime Group Members (Act No. 77 of 1991), and any regulations governing anti-social forces under Japanese law.