Luxury Spas in Herzliya | The Ritz-Carlton
Skip to
main content
Menu text
Menu close text
Marriott Logo
Marriott Logo
Find & Reserve
Deals & Packages
Meetings & Events
Our Brand
About Marriott Bonvoy
Our Credit Cards
Careers at Marriott
Language Selector
English(US)
Help
Select a Language
English(US)
اللغة العربية
Close
Close Dialog
The Ritz-Carlton, Herzliya
Overview
Suites & Rooms
Dining
Destination & Activities
Spa
Meetings
Weddings
Gallery
The Ritz-Carlton, Herzliya
VIEW MAP
VIEW MAP
+972 9-373 5555
RESERVE
Cancel
DATES
(
1
NIGHT)
NIGHTS)
Flexible in
Specific Dates
Flexible Dates
S
M
T
W
T
F
S
Number of Nights
Remove Nights
1
Add Nights
Done
Continue with
NIGHT
NIGHTS
Rooms & Guests
1
Room,
Rooms,
1
Adult
Adults
1
Child
Children
Cancel
Maximum
8
guests per room
Rooms
(Max: 3 Rooms/person)
-
1
+
Adults
(Max: 8 total guests/room)
-
1
+
Children
(Max: 8 total guests/room)
-
0
+
AGE OF CHILDREN (REQUIRED)
Done
Special Rates
Lowest Regular Rate
Cancel
Special Rates/points
Select a Rate
Lowest Regular Rate
Corp/Promo Code
&times;
Senior Discount
AAA/CAA
Government & Military
Group Code
&times;
Marriott Bonvoy Points
ADD CORP/PROMO CODE
Done
View Rates
Ratings & Reviews
Bazaar Voice
Ratings & Reviews
Bazaar Voice
Alert
Update on Middle East Hotel Reservations.
Possible disruption across our Middle East Hotels.
Learn More
Dismiss
A Mediterranean Spa Retreat in Tel Aviv
Spa
Relaxation at The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Herzliya comes with a local touch. Relaxation lounges overlooking the Mediterranean Sea. Facials are performed with products from Israel’s renowned Christina skincare line. Signature body treatments and massages feature Dead Sea minerals and indigenous herbs. The traditional hammam is perfect after a day of sightseeing. The spa features five treatments rooms and a suite for couple’s experiences. Saunas and steam rooms are best enjoyed prior to receiving treatment.
The Ritz-Carlton, Herzliya Spa
Appointment required
Our Spa will give you everything to focus on the peace & quiet. You can relax with an outstanding view of the Mediterranean and Herzliya at our lounges. 5 luxurious treatment rooms, dry and wet saunas as well as a Turkish Hammam.
Visit Website
Contact Information
Phone: +972 0-732037620
Book Spa Services
Spa Price List
Hours
Mon-Thu,Sun:
10:00 AM-9:00 PM
Fri-Sat:
9:00 AM-6:00 PM
Services, Treatments and Amenities
Body Scrub
Body Wrap
Couples Massages
Facials
Foot Bath
In-Suite Massages
Massages
Men's Services
Steam Room
Therapy Bath
Featured Spa Treatments
Cabernet Grape Seeds Scrub
A deep exfoliation treatment based on dried & ground cabernet grape seeds and fragrance essential oils. Polishes and boosts cell proliferation, leaving the skin supple and velvety soft.
Morning Break- Spa Fun Day
We welcome you to enjoy a fun, pampering day at The Ritz-Carlton, Herzliya Spa. The package includes breakfast at The Herbert Samuel restaurant, 45-minute spa treatment and complimentary use of all spa facilities. It also includes entrance to our pool on the 12th floor overlooking the Marina.
Ultimate Beauty Reset
Breathe new life into your skin with a relaxing body massage, hydro-perfection facial, and
traditional foot massage. An intensive hydrating facial which helps to nurture and protect against environmental damage.
*Please arrive at least 15 minutes prior to your appointment to fully enjoy the treatment.
The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Herzliya
We highly recommend booking your treatment in advance to ensure your preferred time and service are available. Our Spa Therapists can assist in planning your spa experience, including the best order of treatments. Spa gift certificates may be purchased and used for spa services.
Learn More
Author a room pool
for which API response Exists
Close button
Spa Policies
Is there a minimum age for treatments?
Guests of The Spa and Fitness Center must be at least 18 years of age.
What if I am late for my appointment?
Arriving late will simply limit the time for your treatment, thus lessening its effectiveness and your pleasure. Your treatment will end on time so that the next guest will not be delayed. The full value of your treatment will be applied.
What is the cancellation policy?
If you must reschedule or cancel your appointment, Please notify the spa at least 24 hours in advance to avoid being charged the full service fee. A credit card number is required at the time you book your treatments.
What about payment for Spa services?
All prices are quoted in Israeli Shekels & US Dollars and are inclusive of service charge and municipality fee. All major credit cards are accepted. You may also charge spa services to your room. For your convenience, payment is also accepted prior to your treatments, upon request.
What about gratuities?
Gratuities are not included in the charges and are completely at the guests discretion.
Prior to Arrival
Who can guide me in choosing my treatments?
Our spa reservation department will help you plan the perfect spa experience, including the best order for your treatments. All treatments can be enjoyed by both male and female guests, and the gender of the therapist will always be that of the guest’s choice.
What should I wear during my treatment?
During all treatments, the body is fully draped, except for the area of focus. Robes and slippers are provided.
What about my jewelry and valuables?
Lockers are available for personal items. If you are a guest of the hotel, it is recommended that you leave the valuable items in the safe in your guest room. Mobile phones should be switched off in the spa.
Should I shave before a treatment?
Shaving is recommended but not necessary for gentlemen prior to facial treatment. If you choose to shave prior to your facial, please do so at least two hours before your appointment. Shaving is not recommended prior to body treatment.
When should I arrive?
To enhance your spa experience, we suggest that you arrive 30 minutes before your scheduled treatment. This will allow you time to relax in the sauna and the steam room. Arriving late will simply limit the time for your treatment, thus lessening its effectiveness and your pleasure. Your treatment will end on time so that the next guest will not be delayed. The full value of your treatment will be charged.
Health Questions
What if I have special health considerations? What if I am pregnant?
When making your reservation, please notify the spa receptionist if you have high blood pressure, allergies, physical ailments, disabilities or if you are pregnant. There are some services that should be avoided during pregnancy. Please note that treatments for pregnant women are not performed before the 16th week of pregnancy. Please ask our Spa Therapists for specific recommendations.
Explore Our Herzliya Spa
Guests of our spa are welcome to enjoy the relaxation area, the Turkish bath (Hammam) and dry sauna. The spa entrance does not include the Rooftop pool entrance. The entrance to the Rooftop pool is for hotel guests only. Based on availability.
Previous
Slide 1 - Spa - Couple's Room
Slide 2 - Rooftop Marina View
Slide 3 - Welcome desk crafted from light wood in front of a mosaic tiled wall
Slide 4 - Turkish hammam with white marble fixtures and mosaic tile in blue and sea green
Slide 5 - Ritz Carlton Hotel image
Slide 6 - Two-Bedroom Penthouse Suite - Balcony
" data-content="Next">
Next
1
6
Wellness Center
24-Hour Fitness Center
The Ritz-Carlton, Herzliya offers a sea-facing wellness experience in a fully equipped state-of-the-art fitness center. Access is offered as a complimentary amenity to hotel guests.
Personal Training
A personalized workout session conducted by a fitness professional is available; the personal trainer will guide you through exercises that meet your individual needs and fitness goals. Personal training with private sessions available - 60 minutes. Reservations are required.
Fitness Contact
Private Yoga sessions are available. For reservations - please contact the Spa.
+972 (0) 73-2037620
Frequently Asked Questions
Does The Ritz-Carlton, Herzliya Spa require an appointment?
An appointment is required at The Ritz-Carlton, Herzliya Spa.
Can you book reservations for The Ritz-Carlton, Herzliya Spa online?
Reservations can be made online ahead of your visit to The Ritz-Carlton, Herzliya Spa.
Click here to book a service now.
What services are offered at The Ritz-Carlton, Herzliya Spa?
The Ritz-Carlton, Herzliya Spa offers the following services:
Ayurvedic Treatment
Body Scrub
Body Wrap
Couples Massages
Facials
Fitness Classes
Fitness Counseling Services
Foot Bath
In-Suite Massages
Massages
Men's Services
Steam Room
Therapy Bath
Does The Ritz-Carlton, Herzliya Spa offer an on-site restaurant?
There is not an on-site restaurant located at The Ritz-Carlton, Herzliya Spa.
Unlock your stay with the Marriott Bonvoy™ App
Overview
Suites & Rooms
Dining
Destination & Activities
Spa
Meetings
Weddings
Gallery
Privacy Center
4 Hashunit Street,
Herzliya, Israel, 4655504
Fax:
+972 9-373 5500
Facebook
Instagram