Experiences | The Ritz-Carlton, Haikou
Skip to
main content
Menu text
Menu close text
Marriott Logo
Marriott Logo
Find & Reserve
Deals & Packages
Meetings & Events
Our Brand
About Marriott Bonvoy
Our Credit Cards
Careers at Marriott
Language Selector
English(US)
Help
Select a Language
English(US)
简体中文
Close
Close Dialog
The Ritz-Carlton, Haikou
Overview
Suites & Rooms
Club
Dining
Destination & Activities
Spa
Meetings
Weddings
Gallery
The Ritz-Carlton, Haikou
VIEW MAP
VIEW MAP
+86 898-6683 6888
RESERVE
Cancel
DATES
(
1
NIGHT)
NIGHTS)
Flexible in
Specific Dates
Flexible Dates
S
M
T
W
T
F
S
Number of Nights
Remove Nights
1
Add Nights
Done
Continue with
NIGHT
NIGHTS
Rooms & Guests
1
Room,
Rooms,
1
Adult
Adults
1
Child
Children
Cancel
Maximum
8
guests per room
Rooms
(Max: 3 Rooms/person)
-
1
+
Adults
(Max: 8 total guests/room)
-
1
+
Children
(Max: 8 total guests/room)
-
0
+
AGE OF CHILDREN (REQUIRED)
Done
Special Rates
Lowest Regular Rate
Cancel
Special Rates/points
Select a Rate
Lowest Regular Rate
Corp/Promo Code
&times;
Senior Discount
AAA/CAA
Government & Military
Group Code
&times;
Marriott Bonvoy Points
ADD CORP/PROMO CODE
Done
View Rates
Ratings & Reviews
Bazaar Voice
Ratings & Reviews
Bazaar Voice
Explore Haikou's Shopping, Golf and Entertainment
Experiences
Located just 20 minutes from the Haikou Airport in Mission Hills, The Ritz-Carlton, Haikou resides near the top attractions in Hainan Island. Tee off on 10 spectacular golf courses, explore the exciting shopping at TIMESDF Haikou Mission Hills Duty-Free Complex, treat the family to a day at a nearby theme park or journey to historic and natural landmarks. At this luxury hotel, entertainment is never far away.
The Ritz-Carlton Spa
Replacing Worldly Concerns With a World of Comfort in Haikou
Phone:
+86 898-66836888 1226
Everyday:
12:00 PM-11:00 PM
Appointment required
Book Spa Services
Visit Website
Services,Treatments and Amenities
Body Scrub
Body Wrap
Facials
Fitness Classes
Lap Pool
Massages
Men's Services
Plunge Pool
Scalp & Hair Treatment
Steam Room
Fitness Center
The hotel fitness center is open 24 hours a day for guests. Please use your room key to access it.
Open 7 days a week, 24 hours a day
Visit Website
Facilities Available
Locker rooms
Steam Rooms
Fitness Services
Staff duty: 6:00-22:00 BJT
Special Guest Privileges
24 hours open for guests in house
Equipment Available
Cardiovascular Equipment
Elliptical Machine(s)
Exercise Bike(s)
Free Weights
None
Strength Equipment
Treadmill(s)
Weight Machines
Swimming
Outdoor Pool
Mon-Sun :
6:00 AM-10:00 PM
Outdoor Pool
Outdoor
Towels provided
Lifeguard on Duty
Children's Pool
Daily | 4 P.M. – 5 P.M. | Fairway Lawn | Complimentary
Golf Hour
Experience the unique charm of golf.
Get close to nature and challenge yourself physically and mentally in this skillful sport, coached by our Recreation team.
Available for adults and children, 6 years and older.
Ultimate Accommodations for Golfers
Hainan Island offers golfers of all skill levels an unforgettable experience. The Ritz-Carlton, Haikou sits on the world-class golf resort of Mission Hills boasting ten 18-hole championship courses designed by golf's greatest architects and truly creates the ideal golfers retreat.
Learn More
Author a room pool
for which API response Exists
Close button
Golf Courses
Blackstone
This 7,808-yard core golf course covering 350 acres (2,125 Chinese Acres) weaves through a striking landscape of mature trees, lava rock, and expansive lakes and wetlands. As a premiere tournament venue, the Blackstone Course provides extensive spectator mounding for fans and thrilling world-class golf capable of challenging the world’s greatest players.
Sandbelt Trails
Patterned after the exceptionally strong courses of the Australian Sandbelt Region, this 7,325-yard course features large bunkers dominated by high sand flashes and crisp, thick lips rising above fairway and green surfaces. Eucalyptus Trees evoke the Australian landscape while transitional bunkers blend into the native jungle, creating a natural and unique look over the courses gently rolling terrain.
The Vintage
Patterned after courses built at the turn of the century, this 7,297-yard course features a routing with tree-lined fairways. The distinct, natural terrain is mixed with quirky features that utilize odd, sometimes geometric shapes, abrupt mounds, deep pot bunkers, square edges, and the occasional blind shot. Wicker basket pins and man-made features resemble the hand-work of days past, evoking a classic charm.
Stepping Stone
The first short par three course is a true pitch and putt course but with dramatic islands of turf surrounded by lava rock and large sand expanses. This course will play through, and seamlessly blend in with the native surrounds of black rock and thick vegetation.
Lava Fields
While similar in many respects to the Tournament Course with its irregular lines of turf and wild bunkering, Lava Fields presents for less tree cover. There is a feel of expanse that creates a big look and the black rock and sand dominate the landscape like no other course in the world. At 7400 yards, it too is capable of hosting significant events.
Meadow Links
Based upon the traditional US Open courses of the eastern United States, this layout features lay-of-the-land sensibilities and geometric shapes in both bunkering and fairway lines. Distinctive features such as the “Church Pew” bunkers make for a unique look where bunkers and native grass give the course an open meadow feel with occasional clusters of trees. Large greens create difficult putting opportunities.
Ritz Kids
Our young guests will be thrilled with a variety of daily activities and have fun with our friendly local cultural host/hostess. The Kid’s Club offers separate children's pool and playground games and toys for kids aged from 3 to 10. As Jean-Michel Cousteau says, “All kids start out as scientists, constantly asking ‘Why? What’s that? How does it work?’” Ritz Kids resort experiences tap into that innate curiosity by introducing our youngest guests to both the natural wonders and the rich cultural traditions of our resort locations. Immersive and adventurous, the resort experiences provide your child with enthralling activities to reward their interest in the beauty and workings of the world we live in. With a diverse collection of activities based on the four pillars of the program – water, land, environmental responsibility and culture – kids are swept away by everything from water games, to recycling and sustainability, storytelling, art and even food.
Author a room pool
for which API response Exists
Close button
Ritz Kids Information
Our Ritz Kids program is for little ones, includes:
Prior to Arrival
Prior to arrival, a Guest Relations officer will contact you to ask about your children’s names, ages, any allergies they may have, their needs and preferences in order to customize your stay.
Welcome Folder Amenity
Welcome Ritz Kids packet with a coloring book and a scavenger hunt kit focused on the Ritz Kids four key pillars: water, land, culture and environmental responsibility.
In-Room Communication
Personalized welcome card for the child
Toy and food amenity in guest room
F&B Dining Outlets
A Ritz Kids menu is offered throughout the hotel.
Night Safari
The Ritz Kids® Night Safari encourages the spirit of the great outdoors to the inside by allowing kids to set up a specially-provided camping tent inside the suite, with special amenities to liven up the night and cater to kid’s inquisitiveness, creativity, and thirst for new adventures.
This program takes little ones from ages 4-8 on an adventure, from the moment they check-in our hotel.
Camping Amenities
Camping tent
LED flashlight
A special tote
A set of bathrobe and slippers
Lion toy
A Kids Pool Bag
Kid’s shampoo
Kid’s body lotion
A rubber duck toy
Kid's Menu
Healthy Morning
Two Eggs Prepared to Your Liking
Spinach, Ham, Tomato
Selection of Cereals- Corn Flakes, All-Bran, Raisin Bran, Rice Krispies or Coco Pops
Oatmeal Porridge
Banana, Berries
Yogurt
Plain or Strawberry
Fruit Skewer
Pineapple, Strawberry, Melon
Mini Baker's Basket
Croissants, Danish Pastries, Muffins, Whole Grain or White Toast
Beverages
Freshly Squeezed Juice
Orange, Grapefruit, Apple, Watermelon
Power Breakfast
Omelet
Ham, Cheese
Belgian Waffle
Maple Syrup, Chocolate Sauce, Whipped Cream
Butter Milk Pancakes
Maple Syrup, Fresh Banana or Berries
Mixed Fresh Fruit Salad
Orange, Apple, Banana and Berries
Hainan Rice Noodles
Pork, Peanut, Sesame
Wonton Noodle Soup
Prawn Dumplings, Leafy Green
Congee with Traditional Condiments
Pork, Beef, Chicken, Fish or Plain
Steamed Dim Sum
Siew Mai, Har Gao
Lunch and Dinner
Spaghetti
Tomato, Parmesan Cheese
Beef Burger Sliders
Cherry Tomatoes, French Fries
Chicken Escalope
Buttered Peas, Carrot, Mashed Potatoes
Fish Fingers
French Fries, Tartar Sauce
Wonton Noodle Soup
Prawn Dumplings
Wok-Fried Rice
Eggs, Shrimp, Peas
Chicken Congee
Choose a Vitamin
Broccoli, Carrots, Pak Choi, Spinach or Mushrooms
Choose a Carb
French Fries, Sweet Potato Fries
Steamed Rice or Pasta
Dessert
Ice-Cream
Chocolate, Vanilla, Mango or Strawberry
Mango Pudding
Mango Pudding, Local Coconut Sago, Fresh Mango
Fruit Skewer
Pineapple, Melon and Strawberry
Kids Club Activities
During the stay, children would indulge in the fun through a variety of indoor and outdoor activities at Kids Club.
Operating Hours of Kids Club:
Daily 9 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Location: Third Floor
Discover Haikou
Lying on the north part of Hainan Island, Haikou is a tropical beachside city where the mountains, rivers, sea and sky are stunningly harmonious. The city encompasses all tourists requirements, sunshine, crystal clear water, pristine beaches, lush forests, exotic animals, refreshing hot springs, exciting volcanic surroundings, magnificent country scenery, ethnic culture and historical relics. In addition the enchanting climate of Haikou possesses the elements needed for the complete holiday destination.
Planning Your Trip to Haikou
Off the southern coast of China lies the province of Hainan, a tropical island known for its beaches, palm trees and warm climate. Haikou, its capital, is home to all of the above, plus world-class golf, volcanic landscapes and ancient history. Here’s a packing guide for your trip.
Learn More
Author a room pool
for which API response Exists
Close button
Golf Courses
Mission Hills Resort, Haikou occupies a vast lava rock-strewn landscape of undulating terrain punctuated by ancient trees and sweeping wetlands. 10 volcanic golf courses of distinct quality offer golfers an amazing array of choices and world-class practice facilities that challenge both beginners and seasoned professionals alike. Opens daily from 6 a.m. to 6:30 p.m.
Golf Academy
The first facility in Asia to offer comprehensive elite golf-development programs, providing golfers of all levels, from amateur to professional, the skills and tools they need to advance their games. Features include an indoor training facility, a putting studio, club-fitting equipment and ball-flight tracking technology, plus an outdoor grass range and putting green. All instructors are trained and certified.
Mission Hills Centreville
Mission Hills Centreville is a world-class comprehensive project integrated with entertainment, shopping, leisure, catering and culture, aims to serve you an overall new entertaining retail experience. The area reaches to 24,000sqm, brand-new retail trade-mix enables MH Centerville to be the trendiest lifestyle destination in Hainan with diverse and unique entertainment and shopping experience.
Volcanic Mineral Springs
Encompasses an area of 44,000sqm and it is the home to Haikou’s largest natural volcanic mineral springs reserve. The Volcanic Mineral Springs continues the centuries-old bathing ritual and healing philosophies; featuring over 168 hot and cold springs, which adecorated with water features that originated from the five continents. The therapeutic mineral spring pools are designed as communal and private baths.
Movie Town
Architecture in the film commune was inspired by the sets from FENG Xiaogang movies such as “1942”, “Aftershock”, and “If You Are The One”. It forms a complete commercial street with scenery from all different time periods in 20th century China. Opens daily from 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.
TimeSDF Haikou Mission Hills Duty Free Shop
Only a 3-minute walk from hotel, this duty free shopping mall provides designer boutiques, restaurants and entertainment venues. Opens daily from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m.
Nearby Things To Do
All
Area Sightseeing
Golf
Area Sightseeing
Green Golf
Mission Hills Golf Course
Tour By:
Mission Hills Hiakou
+86 898-68683888 63333
Golf
Haikou Mission Hill Golf Club
3.2 KM
Mission Hills Haikou Golf Club boasts 10 volcanic courses by renowned designers, diverse options, and pro practice facilities. It offers varied golf experiences for beginners and seasoned players.
Mission Hill Holiday Zone, No. 1 Mission Hills Avenue, Haikou, Hainan, China, 572000
Blackstone
18 holes
,
7808 yards
,
Par for course: 73
+86 898-68633388
Golf
3 Kilometer Golf Course
17.0 KM
China’s unique volcanic mine pit golf course near Haikou Meilan Airport. This 18-hole par-72 course features dramatic rock cliffs, natural lakes and challenging layouts.
368 Xindazhou Avenue, Haikou, Hainan, China, 571100
Golf
West Golf
30.0 KM
Designed by the legendary DYE family, this 18-hole par-72 championship course sits opposite Haikou Holiday Beach. It features rolling fairways, water hazards, tropical greenery and ocean views.
219 Binhai Avenue, Haikou, Hainan, China, 570311
back
Close
focus
Local Attractions
Movie Town
Mission Hill Holiday Zone, Haikou, CN-46, China, 571155
Volcanic Geopark
Shishan County, Haikou, CN-46, China, 571157
Wanlvyuan Park
38 Binhai Avenue, Haikou, CN-46, China, 570105
Hairui Tomb
39 Qiuhai Avenue, Haikou, CN-46, China, 570311
Wugong Temple
169 Haifu Road, Haikou, CN-46, China, 571199
Arcaded Street
Deshengsha Road, Haikou, CN-46, China, 570100
Xixiu Beach Park
163 Binhai Avenue, Haikou, CN-46, China, 570311
Movie Town
Mission Hill Holiday Zone, Haikou, CN-46, China, 571155
Volcanic Geopark
Shishan County, Haikou, CN-46, China, 571157
Wanlvyuan Park
38 Binhai Avenue, Haikou, CN-46, China, 570105
Hairui Tomb
39 Qiuhai Avenue, Haikou, CN-46, China, 570311
Wugong Temple
169 Haifu Road, Haikou, CN-46, China, 571199
Arcaded Street
Deshengsha Road, Haikou, CN-46, China, 570100
Xixiu Beach Park
163 Binhai Avenue, Haikou, CN-46, China, 570311
" data-content="Next">
1
3
Frequently Asked Questions
Does The Ritz-Carlton, Haikou have a fitness center on-site?
Yes. The Ritz-Carlton, Haikou offers a complimentary fitness center to hotel guests during their stay.
The fitness center includes equipment such as Cardiovascular Equipment, Elliptical Machine(s), Exercise Bike(s), Free Weights, None, Strength Equipment, Treadmill(s), and Weight Machines, making it suitable for both quick workouts and full training sessions.
Does The Ritz-Carlton, Haikou have a pool on-site?
Yes, The Ritz-Carlton, Haikou has one Outdoor pool on-site for hotel guests.
Does The Ritz-Carlton, Haikou have an on-site spa?
Yes, The Ritz-Carlton Spa is located on-site at The Ritz-Carlton, Haikou.
Click here to book a service now.
What are some local attractions and things to do near The Ritz-Carlton, Haikou?
Wanlvyuan Park, Arcaded Street, Xixiu Beach Park, Volcanic Geopark, Wugong Temple and more are nearby The Ritz-Carlton, Haikou.
Unlock your stay with the Marriott Bonvoy™ App
Overview
Suites & Rooms
Club
Dining
Destination & Activities
Spa
Meetings
Weddings
Gallery
Privacy Center
No 39 Yangshan Boulevard, Longhua District,
Haikou, Hainan, China, 571155