Luxury Spas in Shenzhen | The Ritz-Carlton
Skip to
main content
Menu text
Menu close text
Marriott Logo
Marriott Logo
Find & Reserve
Deals & Packages
Meetings & Events
Our Brand
About Marriott Bonvoy
Our Credit Cards
Careers at Marriott
Language Selector
English(US)
Help
Select a Language
English(US)
Русский
简体中文
Close
Close Dialog
The Ritz-Carlton, Shenzhen
Overview
Suites & Rooms
Club
Dining
Spa
Destination & Activities
Meetings & Weddings
The Ritz-Carlton, Shenzhen
VIEW MAP
VIEW MAP
+86 755-22222222
RESERVE
Cancel
DATES
(
1
NIGHT)
NIGHTS)
Flexible in
Specific Dates
Flexible Dates
S
M
T
W
T
F
S
Number of Nights
Remove Nights
1
Add Nights
Done
Continue with
NIGHT
NIGHTS
Rooms & Guests
1
Room,
Rooms,
1
Adult
Adults
1
Child
Children
Cancel
Maximum
8
guests per room
Rooms
(Max: 3 Rooms/person)
-
1
+
Adults
(Max: 8 total guests/room)
-
1
+
Children
(Max: 8 total guests/room)
-
0
+
AGE OF CHILDREN (REQUIRED)
Done
Special Rates
Lowest Regular Rate
Cancel
Special Rates/points
Select a Rate
Lowest Regular Rate
Corp/Promo Code
&times;
Senior Discount
AAA/CAA
Government & Military
Group Code
&times;
Marriott Bonvoy Points
ADD CORP/PROMO CODE
Done
View Rates
Ratings & Reviews
Bazaar Voice
Ratings & Reviews
Bazaar Voice
Renew and Rejuvenate
Spa
Focused on restoration of the body from within, The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Shenzhen offers an array of treatments designed to promote energetic balance, stress relief and healthy, glowing skin. Therapies, including aromatherapy massages and firming facials, incorporate high-quality botanical ingredients and movements drawing from the spa's philosophy that's rooted in the earth's elements.
The Ritz-Carlton Spa
The Ritz-Carlton Spa, on Level 5, provides 6 private treatment rooms for guests. Partnering with Swiss skincare brand Valmont and Spanish skincare brand Natura Bissé, it offers signature massage, facial and body treatments.
Phone:
+86 755-2222 2222 8460
Everyday:
9:00 AM-12:00 AM
Appointment required
Book Spa Services
Visit Website
Services,Treatments and Amenities
Eye Treatment
Facials
Massages
Separate Men & Women's Lounges
Steam Room
Fitness Center
Fitness Center is located on Level 6 and provides guests with exercise equipment and a yoga studio.
Open 7 days a week, 24 hours a day
Visit Website
Facilities Available
Locker rooms
Equipment Available
Cardiovascular Equipment
Elliptical Machine(s)
Exercise Bike(s)
Free Weights
Rowing Machine(s)
Stair Climber(s)
Strength Equipment
Treadmill(s)
Weight Machines
Swimming
Outdoor Pool
Mon-Sun :
6:00 AM-11:00 PM
Outdoor Pool
Outdoor
Towels provided
Lifeguard on Duty
Luxury Spa Retreat in Shenzhen
Reserve by Phone: for details please contact the spa at (86-755) 8448 7058 or email rc.szxrz.spa@ritzcarlton.com. The Spa and Salon are open daily from 10 a.m. to midnight.
Featured Treatments
Diamond Well-Living Experience Massage
Welcome to our exclusive skincare universe created to relax your body and let it flow and breathe. Feel how time stands still, delight in the luxury of connecting with your essence and immerse yourself in these wellness experiences.
Prime Awf Firming, Lifting Treatment
Densifies the dermis to offset the hormonal imbalances that have a direct effect on the skin. Reducing deep wrinkles and smoothing the surface of the skin so it appears visibly firmer and wrinkles gradually fade.
The Ritz-Carlton Signature Elements
This unique massage for sheer mind relaxation combines different movements using our philosophy of wood, water, fire, and earth. Using Aromatherapy, Bamboo Oriental, Oriental Thai, and Lava Hot Stone Massages to bring you peace of mind.
Fitness Center
Full range of exercise equipment including treadmills, synchro, recline, cardio wave, bike, and cross trainers. Work-out stations and a variety of free weights including incline and flat bench press stations, and dumbells. Special Classes and services are held with personal training. Locker rooms and a relaxation lounge that have bottled water, towels, and fresh fruit are provided.
Author a room pool
for which API response Exists
Close button
Frequently Asked Questions
Spa Policies
Is there a minimum age for the Spa?
The minimum age requirement for access to the spa and fitness center is above 16. Salon services are available to guests of all ages
Can I use my cell phone in the Spa?
No. Cell phone use in the relaxation lounge will not be relaxing for you or anyone else. Pagers should also be turned off when in the Spa.
What if I arrive late for my service?
Arriving late will simply limit the time of your treatment, thus lessening its effectiveness and your pleasure. Your treatment will end on time so that the next guest will not be delayed. The full value of your treatment will be charged.
What if I need to cancel my appointment?
If you must cancel your appointment, please notify us at least six hours before your scheduled appointment time to avoid being charged the full value of your service.
Are gratuities included?
For your convenience, a 15% service charge will be added to each Spa service you receive. Gratuities will be dispersed to the Spa staff who served you during your visit. Additional gratuities may be provided at your discretion.
How can I pay for my services?
We accept all major credit cards, traveler’s checks, and cash. Hotel guests may also bill to their rooms.
Spa Services
Who can guide me in choosing my treatment?
Unique spa combinations are specially designed to offer you a selection of our most popular spa treatments. Our Spa Receptionists will be delighted to assist you in the planning of your perfect spa experience, including the best order for your treatments.
Prior to Arrival
Should I wear jewelry or take other valuables to the Spa?
Please leave jewelry and valuables in the safe in your guest room. Lockers are available for your items in the spa facility.
Should I shave before having a facial?
Shaving is recommendbeforeen prior to facials. If you choose to shave for any treatment, please do so at least two hours before your service to prevent skin irritation. Shaving is not rbeforeed prior to body treatments or hair removal services.
When should I arrive for my treatment?
We encourage you to arrive 30 minutes before your scheduled treatment time to experience the sauna, steam room, soaking tub, and Japanese Soaking Bath. To enjoy the full benefits of your treatment, allow time for the Spa Fresh Shower and Relaxation Lounge.
How do I make an appointment?
The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Shenzhen is located on the 5th floor, adjacent to the roof garden. The Spa is open from 10 a.m. - 11 p.m. daily. Guests can reach the Spa by calling 86-755-2222-2222. Spa appointments can also be made online.
Upon Arrival
When receiving a massage, should I wear clothing?
We follow full draping procedures, cloaking the body with a sheet to ensure your privacy throughout your service. Most treatments are enjoyed without clothing; however, we invite you to wear whatever you find most comfortable.
How will my comfort be ensured?
This is your time and you should delight in the experience to the fullest. Please notify us of any preferences such as room temperature, massage pressure, or music volume.
Health Questions
I have a medical condition, can I still have treatments?
If you have high blood pressure, allergies, physical disabilities, are pregnant, and/or have other health conditions you should inform the spa when booking services. Certain services will exacerbate medical conditions and should be avoided. Other services can actually help to calm certain conditions and can be recommended at the time of booking.
More Activities and Local Partners
Citizen Center Shenzhen
Ping'An Financial Center-Free Sky
Overview
Suites & Rooms
Club
Dining
Spa
Destination & Activities
Meetings & Weddings
Gallery
Privacy Center
116 Fuhua San Road, Futian District,
Shenzhen, Guangdong, China, 518048
Fax:
+86 755-22220088