Luxury Spas in Doha | The Ritz-Carlton
Skip to
main content
Menu text
Menu close text
Marriott Logo
Marriott Logo
Find & Reserve
Deals & Packages
Meetings & Events
Our Brand
About Marriott Bonvoy
Our Credit Cards
Careers at Marriott
Language Selector
English(US)
Help
Select a Language
English(US)
Deutsch
اللغة العربية
简体中文
Close
Close Dialog
The Ritz-Carlton, Doha
Overview
Suites & Rooms
Signature Suites
Club
Dining
Spa
Destination & Activities
Meetings & Weddings
Gallery
The Ritz-Carlton, Doha
VIEW MAP
VIEW MAP
+974 -44848000
RESERVE
Cancel
DATES
(
1
NIGHT)
NIGHTS)
Flexible in
Specific Dates
Flexible Dates
S
M
T
W
T
F
S
Number of Nights
Remove Nights
1
Add Nights
Done
Continue with
NIGHT
NIGHTS
Rooms & Guests
1
Room,
Rooms,
1
Adult
Adults
1
Child
Children
Cancel
Maximum
8
guests per room
Rooms
(Max: 3 Rooms/person)
-
1
+
Adults
(Max: 8 total guests/room)
-
1
+
Children
(Max: 8 total guests/room)
-
0
+
AGE OF CHILDREN (REQUIRED)
Done
Special Rates
Lowest Regular Rate
Cancel
Special Rates/points
Select a Rate
Lowest Regular Rate
Corp/Promo Code
&times;
Senior Discount
AAA/CAA
Government & Military
Group Code
&times;
Marriott Bonvoy Points
ADD CORP/PROMO CODE
Done
View Rates
Ratings & Reviews
Bazaar Voice
Ratings & Reviews
Bazaar Voice
Find Pure Serenity
THE RITZ-CARLTON SPA, DOHA
Indulge in luxury spa experiences in Qatar through immersive sensory journeys rooted in local heritage and contemporary innovation. Recognized among the best spas in Doha, our wellness experts draw inspiration from the Arabian Gulf and the cultural richness of the region, ensuring each signature treatment delivers serenity and restores balance to body, mind, and spirit. The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Doha is where timeless rituals and modern wellness practices unite in perfect harmony.
Previous
Slide 1 - The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Doha - Couple Treatment Room
Slide 2 - The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Doha - Reception
Slide 3 - The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Doha - Lockers
Slide 4 - The Ritz-Carlton Spa - Sauna
Slide 5 - The Ritz-Carlton Spa - Pampering Room
" data-content="Next">
Next
1
5
Espa
Wellness Journeys
Optimal wellbeing is cultivated through our capacity to adapt and thrive in the face of life's daily demands: physically, mentally, and spiritually. The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Doha thoughtfully designed Wellness Journeys to nurture this adaptability, empowering guests to build resilience, vitality, and inner balance through transformative experiences. Drawing upon holistic wellness principles and results-driven therapies, each journey supports long-term health, renewed energy, and enhanced overall wellbeing.
Mind Pillar
This transformative wellness ritual combines guided breathwork, mindful visualization, and a therapeutic massage utilizing Salt Stones and Rose Quartz Crystals to promote profound relaxation and emotional balance.
Expert techniques help release accumulated physical tension, calm mental fatigue, and restore energetic equilibrium, creating a state of serenity that encourages the art of surrender and mindful renewal.
Body Pillar
A comprehensive body renewal experience designed to detoxify, refine, and visibly sculpt. This results-driven treatment combines a mineral-rich detoxifying algae wrap, invigorating body exfoliation, and targeted sculpting body massage techniques.
This cleansing body sculpt treatment is particularly effective for areas prone to cellulite and fluid retention, this treatment helps smooth skin texture, enhance firmness, support circulation and reveal a more contoured silhouette. A course of treatments is recommended for optimal and long-lasting results.
Skin Pillar
A sophisticated, science-led facial designed to strengthen skin health from within while restoring youthful radiance. Advanced prebiotic and probiotic technologies work synergistically with innovative techniques inspired by the benefits of physical exercise to detoxify, energize, sculpt, and rejuvenate the complexion.
This natural resilience facial incorporates age-defying Japanese Kobido-inspired massage techniques alongside cooling Jade Rollers to stimulate circulation, encourage lymphatic drainage, and enhance facial contouring. The result is visibly firmer, lifted, and luminous skin with renewed resilience and vitality.
Featured Treatments
Transformative Wellness Rituals
Tri-Active
Discover the transformative power of ESPA Tri-Active Skincare, a targeted collection designed to address the changing needs of your skin. From firmness and elasticity to hydration and visible signs of ageing, experience advanced skincare rituals. (Exclusive savings on all products)
Luxurious Facials
Bring glow and wellness to your complexion with a luxurious facial with The Method Augustinus Bader, a bespoke professional treatment uniquely designed to amplify the power of our exclusive TFC8® technology, leading to a healthy radiant skin.
Book Your Appointment
A Moment of Serenity
Indulge at The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Doha with an exclusive experience designed to soothe the body and calm the mind. (Daily, from 9 AM until 4 PM | QAR 500 for 60 minutes massage | QAR 700 for 90 minutes massage | Offer is valid until Sept 30th, 2026)
Book an Appointment
The Ultimate Ritual
Unwind with a thoughtfully curated spa experience and settle into a moment that is entirely yours. Enjoy a 60-minute Hammam followed by a 60-minute massage, thoughtfully designed to restore comfort and leave you feeling renewed. (Daily, 9 AM - 12 AM | QAR 1,100)
Book an Appointment
Gift Vouchers
Experiences Worth Sharing
Share the gift of wellbeing with a Ritz-Carlton Spa, Doha Gift Voucher, an exquisite gesture designed to inspire relaxation, renewal, and timeless luxury. Our gift vouchers offer the perfect way to celebrate any occasion, allowing your loved ones to indulge in a curated selection of signature treatments, bespoke Spa Journeys.
Author a room pool
for which API response Exists
Close button
Your Wellbeing Journey
Spa Facilities
The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Doha redefines luxury with an immersive sensory experience that pays homage to Qatar’s traditional heritage. Drawing inspiration from the glittering Arabian Gulf, each signature spa treatment ensures total serenity by blending Arabic principles, Asian traditions and European concepts. Inspired by the City of Qatar, where tradition and modernization are in perfect balance, this luxury haven has been re-imagined to offer the city’s most modern and innovative spa experience.
Spa Treatments: 9 AM - 12 AM
Tennis Courts: 6 AM - 11 PM
Squash Court: 6 AM - 11 PM
Indoor Pool: 5 AM - 11 PM
Beach: 8 AM - Sunset
Sauna & Steam Room: 6 AM - 11 PM
Gym: 24/7 (Hotel Guests) | 6 AM - 11 PM (Spa Members)
During the Reservation
Please inform our Spa team of the following while making your reservation:
Allergies or medical conditions including Pregnancy;
If you have a request for a specific Service Provider;
If you are celebrating any special occasions;
If you are feeling unwell or have any concerns.
Prior to Arrival
What should I do if I feel slightly unwell?
For the safety of our guests and employees, if you or a member of your household are experiencing any of the following symptoms (cough, fever, breathing issues, sore throat or headaches), we respectfully require you to postpone your appointment until you are fully recovered.
Who can help me choose the right treatment for me?
Our Spa Reception team will be delighted to curate your ideal wellness experience. Thoughtfully crafted Spa Journeys combine a selection of our signature treatments to deliver a truly restorative and personalized escape.
Should men shave before a facial?
Shaving is not recommended prior to body treatments to maximize results. For facial treatments, hair removal is also not recommended. If you are experiencing sunburn or any skin irritation, please inform your therapist. You should also advise us of any medical conditions, pregnancy, or allergies prior to treatment.
What should I do with my jewelry and valuables?
We recommend storing jewelry and valuables in your guest room safe. Lockers are available within the Spa, and secure safety deposit boxes can be arranged through Spa Reception.
What should I wear during my treatment?
To ensure complete privacy and comfort, disposable undergarments are available upon request for your convenience.
Arrival Time
We would like you to relax during your visit and encourage you to be as comfortable as possible. For this reason, we have taken extra measures to safeguard our guests and ensure a safe environment throughout your visit. We kindly ask you to follow the instructions and guidelines provided during your time with us.
Please arrive at least 15 minutes prior to your scheduled treatment. This will allow you time to enjoy the lounge, steam rooms, whirlpools, and treatment rooms. Arriving late will affect the time of your treatment.
Spa Policies
Is there a minimum age requirement?
To preserve the tranquil atmosphere of the Spa, guests must be 18 years of age or older to access the Spa facilities and treatment areas. Guests under the age of 18 will not be allowed to access.
What if I arrive late for my appointment?
Should you arrive late, your treatment time may need to be shortened. Appointments will conclude at the scheduled time to respect the reservations of other guests, and the full treatment fee will apply. To enjoy the full benefits of your experience, we recommend arriving on time.
What is the cancellation policy?
To cancel or reschedule your appointment, please notify our Spa team at least 24 hours in advance.
Am I allowed to bring food and beverages?
Guests are not permitted to bring outside food or beverages, only those purchased within the hotel or provided in the Spa lounges may be consumed within the Spa facilities. Any consumption of alcohol within the Spa must comply with hotel and licensing regulations.
Upon Arrival
What about my comfort?
Your comfort and wellbeing are at the heart of your Spa experience and tailored to your individual needs. Whether it is the room temperature, massage pressure, lighting, or music volume, we encourage you to communicate your preferences to your therapist at any time.
Are electronic devices allowed?
To protect our guests' privacy and preserve a tranquil environment, the use of mobile phones, electronic devices, and cameras is prohibited in the Spa facilities. Mobile phones and electronic devices must be switched off upon entry.
Health Questions
What if I have special health considerations?
Your health, safety, and wellbeing are our priority. Please inform our Spa Reception team prior to booking if you have high blood pressure, allergies, medical conditions, physical limitations, or are pregnant. This allows us to recommend the most suitable treatments for your individual needs. For your comfort and safety, you will be required to complete a confidential health questionnaire before their treatment.
What if I am pregnant?
Pregnancy is a special time for self-care and wellbeing. While certain treatments may not be recommended, a selection of nurturing and pregnancy-safe therapies are available. Please advise our Spa Reception team when making your reservation so we can guide you toward the most appropriate treatments and ensure a safe, relaxing, and enjoyable experience.
Spa Services
How can I make a reservation?
Reservations can be made by calling The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Doha directly.
A Fitness Center
Focused on Total Wellbeing
Experience a world designed for a healthy lifestyle at The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Doha Fitness Center. With natural daylight and beautiful marina views to keep you motivated, the Fitness Center features state-of-the-art cardio machines and weight training equipment, two indoor tennis courts, a squash court and a semi-Olympic indoor pool.
State-of-the-Art Fitness Studio
Discover a fully equipped training environment featuring cardiovascular and strength-training equipment, designed to support every level of fitness.
Personal Training
Elevate your fitness journey with the guidance of our dedicated Personal Training team at Fitness Center. Whether your goal is to build strength, improve endurance, enhance mobility, or support overall wellbeing, our expert trainers deliver tailored programs designed around your individual needs.
Aqua Facilities
Semi-Olympic indoor swimming pool
Two whirlpools (hot & cold)
Sauna & Steam rooms
Changing rooms with showers and lockers adjacent to indoor pool
Become a Member
As our valued member, you can enjoy access to our semi-Olympic indoor pool, beautiful outdoor pool, gym and spa facilities. Bespoke savings and privileges are also available.
Membership Benefits
Each membership type offers a distinct range of inclusions and exclusive benefits, designed to suit different lifestyles and wellness goals. Please find below a selection of key features:
One induction personal training session (two for couple and family).
One complimentary 60 min massage (two for couple and family).
Special savings treats on spa services, restaurants, etc.
Unlimited use of the indoor/outdoor pools and gym facilities.
Access to the squash court.
One complimentary overnight stay in our luxurious Deluxe room with breakfast.
Membership concierge services.
Previous
Slide 1 - Ritz Carlton Hotel image
Slide 2 - Ritz Carlton Hotel image
Slide 3 - Ritz Carlton Hotel image
" data-content="Next">
Next
1
3
An Elevated Sanctuary
World Class Fitness Facilities
Discover one of the best fitness facilities in Doha, where wellbeing is elevated through a harmonious blend of locally inspired experiences, and state-of-the-art spa and fitness facilities. The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Doha aims to rejuvenate body and mind in an environment thoughtfully designed to inspire balance, vitality, and lasting renewal.
Semi-Olympic Indoor Swimming Pool
Take a refreshing dip in The Ritz-Carlton, Doha's indoor swimming pool, perfect for beating the summer heat or fitness training. With swimming classes available, learn new techniques or perfect your strokes, all year long.
Professional Tennis Courts
Experience two professionally designed indoor courts, crafted for year-round play with personal coaches upon request. Featuring surfaces and premium lighting meeting international standards, the space is ideal for players of all levels.
Indoor Squash Court
A powerful workout that improves agility, coordination, and cardiovascular health, squash is the ideal summer activity. Indulge in the ultimate squash experience and enjoy unparalleled service, private classes and equipment rental at The Ritz-Carlton, Doha.
Previous
Slide 1 - Fitness tote bag on a tennis court
Slide 2 - Side view of upgraded tennis court
Slide 3 - Tennis court seating and equipment area
Slide 4 - Squash Courts
Slide 5 - Fitness Center Terrace
Slide 6 - Fitness Center
Slide 7 - Indoor Swimming Pool
" data-content="Next">
Next
1
7
Train like a Champion
Discover our fully enhanced indoor tennis courts, featuring upgraded surfaces, improved lighting, and a refreshed look, to deliver a new era of playing experiences. Our team is available to assist you with more information and reservations.
Learn More
The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Doha
At one of the standout Doha hotels with indoor pool access, The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Doha offers an immersive sensory experience that pays homage to Qatar's traditional heritage, with facilities guests praise for quality treatments and a calming atmosphere.
Phone:
+974 974-4484 8173 8174
Everyday:
9:00 AM-12:00 AM
Appointment required
Book Spa Services
Visit Website
Services,Treatments and Amenities
Body Scrub
Body Wrap
Couples Massages
Facials
Fitness Counseling Services
Foot Bath
Instructions in the art of massage
Massages
Men's Services
Paraffin Hand Treatment
Plunge Pool
Separate Men & Women's Lounges
Steam Room
Therapy Bath
Fitness Center
Enjoy an elevated wellness routine in Doha with a state-of-the-art fitness center
Open 7 days a week, 24 hours a day
Visit Website
Facilities Available
Locker rooms
Sauna rooms
Steam Rooms
Fitness Services
Personal training and group classes
Special Guest Privileges
Become a Member and enjoy exclusive benefits.
Equipment Available
Cardiovascular Equipment
Exercise Bike(s)
Free Weights
Latest equipment by TechnoGym.
Rowing Machine(s)
Strength Equipment
Treadmill(s)
Weight Machines
Swimming
Semi-Olympic (25-meter lap pool)
Mon-Sun :
5:00 AM-11:00 PM
Lagoon style Pool - Temporarily Closed
Mon-Sun :
8:00 AM-6:00 PM
Semi-Olympic (25-meter lap pool)
Indoor
Towels provided
Pool Heated
Lifeguard on Duty
Children's Pool
Lagoon style Pool - Temporarily Closed
Outdoor
Towels provided
Pool Heated
Lifeguard on Duty
Children's Pool
Unique Offerings
Indulge in a tailored experience with exclusive services designed to elevate every moment of your stay.
Beach and Pool
Children's Activities
Food & Beverage
Hotel Services and Parking
Sports & Recreation
Explore our dining options
Explore
Get the Marriott Bonvoy App to plan activities & more.
Download Now
Pools & Private Beach
Kids' Club
Award-winning Restaurants
Valet Parking
Spa & Recreation
Explore our dining options
Explore
Get the Marriott Bonvoy App to plan activities & more.
Download Now
Back
Categories
Beach and Pool
Pools & Private Beach
Escape to sun-kissed serenity at our pristine pools and private beach with attentive service. Lounge by the waters, soak up the Arabian Gulf views, or take refreshing dips in our junior-Olympic pool.
Children's Activities
Kids' Club
Our Kids’ Club offers a safe, engaging space filled with creative activities, games, and hands-on experiences designed to spark curiosity and joy.
Food & Beverage
Award-winning Restaurants
From refined fine dining to vibrant international cuisine, discover a world of culinary excellence where award-winning restaurants celebrate global flavors with impeccable craftsmanship.
Hotel Services and Parking
Valet Parking
Our dedicated valet team welcomes you with effortless service, ensuring your arrival and departure are smooth. Inside, our expert Concierge team is on hand to curate every detail of your stay
Sports & Recreation
Spa & Recreation
Escape into a world of tranquility at The Ritz-Carlton, Doha, where Spa and Recreation experiences are designed to restore balance and elevate your well-being.
Offers
View All
Frequently Asked Questions
Does The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Doha require an appointment?
An appointment is required at The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Doha.
Can you book reservations for The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Doha online?
Reservations can be made online ahead of your visit to The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Doha.
Click here to book a service now.
What services are offered at The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Doha?
The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Doha offers the following services:
Body Scrub
Body Wrap
Couples Massages
Facials
Fitness Counseling Services
Foot Bath
Instructions in the art of massage
Massages
Men's Services
Paraffin Hand Treatment
Plunge Pool
Separate Men & Women's Lounges
Steam Room
Therapy Bath
Does The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Doha offer an on-site restaurant?
There is not an on-site restaurant located at The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Doha.
Are there separate men’s and women’s lounges at The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Doha?
Separate lounges for men and women are offered at The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Doha
Unlock your stay with the Marriott Bonvoy™ App
Overview
Suites & Rooms
Signature Suites
Club
Dining
Spa
Destination & Activities
Meetings & Weddings
Gallery
Privacy Center
1 West Bay Lagoon,
Doha, Qatar
Toll Free:
+0-800-100975
Facebook
Instagram