Sintra Spa Hotel | The Ritz-Carlton, Penha Longa Resort
Skip to
main content
Menu text
Menu close text
Marriott Logo
Marriott Logo
Find & Reserve
Deals & Packages
Meetings & Events
Our Brand
About Marriott Bonvoy
Our Credit Cards
Careers at Marriott
Language Selector
English(US)
Help
Select a Language
English(US)
Deutsch
Português
Close
Close Dialog
Penha Longa Resort
Overview
Suites & Rooms
Signature Suites
Dining
Spa
Destination & Activities
Golf
Meetings
Weddings
Gallery
Penha Longa Resort
VIEW MAP
VIEW MAP
+351 21-924-9011
RESERVE
Cancel
DATES
(
1
NIGHT)
NIGHTS)
Flexible in
Specific Dates
Flexible Dates
S
M
T
W
T
F
S
Number of Nights
Remove Nights
1
Add Nights
Done
Continue with
NIGHT
NIGHTS
Rooms & Guests
1
Room,
Rooms,
1
Adult
Adults
1
Child
Children
Cancel
Maximum
8
guests per room
Rooms
(Max: 3 Rooms/person)
-
1
+
Adults
(Max: 8 total guests/room)
-
1
+
Children
(Max: 8 total guests/room)
-
0
+
AGE OF CHILDREN (REQUIRED)
Done
Special Rates
Lowest Regular Rate
Cancel
Special Rates/points
Select a Rate
Lowest Regular Rate
Corp/Promo Code
&times;
Senior Discount
AAA/CAA
Government & Military
Group Code
&times;
Marriott Bonvoy Points
ADD CORP/PROMO CODE
Done
View Rates
Ratings & Reviews
Bazaar Voice
Ratings & Reviews
Bazaar Voice
Previous
0
1
2
3
4
5
">
Next
01
/
06
Gallery
01
/
06
|
Gallery
Enjoy a Soothing Massage at Our Hotel in Sintra, Portugal
Spa
The Penha Longa Spa & Wellness offers a true escape, pairing personalized signature treatments with exclusive facilities, guaranteed by Natura Bissé. Guided by Zen philosophy, the spa occupies its own building within the Natural Park of Sintra-Cascais, where a contemplative garden features gazebos, a jacuzzi and a private pool, alongside indoor and outdoor pools for year-round relaxation. Whether you’re seeking a massage in Sintra, Portugal, or seeking a tranquil atmosphere and attentive service to unwind in, our spa hotel is an oasis of well-being close to Estoril and Cascais and just a few kilometers from Lisbon. Balance city exploring with serenity at our spa in Sintra, Portugal.
Penha Longa Spa
The 1,500 m² spa is located just a few minutes' walk from the main hotel building and incorporates a series of outdoor elements designed to create an environment conducive to meditation and contemplation.
Phone:
+351 21-9239650 1000
Everyday:
10:00 AM-7:00 PM
Appointment required
Spa Menu
Visit Website
Services,Treatments and Amenities
Body Scrub
Body Wrap
Couples Massages
Facials
Fitness Classes
Fitness Counseling Services
Foot Bath
Makeup Services
Manicures/Pedicures
Massages
Plunge Pool
Scalp & Hair Treatment
Separate Men & Women's Lounges
Waxing
Atlantic Championship Course
Ranked in the top 30 courses in Continental Europe and the top 10 in Portugal, the 18th holes Atlantic Championship Course is designed by Robert Trent Jones Jr.
Phone:
+351 21-9249011 1420
Address :
Estrada da Lagoa Azul, Quinta da Penha Longa, Linhó, 2714-511 Sintra, Sintra, Portugal, 2714-511
Tee Times :
07:00 to 20:00
Reserve Tee Time
Club Highlights
Clubhouse
Driving Range
Equipment Rental
Golf School
Provides Lessons
Putting Green
Spikes Allowed
Wellness Center
The Wellness Center provides breathtaking views to outdoor pools and Sintra Mountains. 24-hour gym.
Everyday:
8:00 AM-8:00 PM
Facilities Available
Locker rooms
Sauna rooms
Steam Rooms
Fitness Services
New Technogym equipment & PT available
Equipment Available
Cardiovascular Equipment
Elliptical Machine(s)
Exercise Bike(s)
Free Weights
Rowing Machine(s)
Stair Climber(s)
Strength Equipment
Studio room, Yoga mats
Treadmill(s)
Weight Machines
Swimming
Indoor pool
Mon-Sun :
8:00 AM-8:00 PM
Outdoor pool
Mon-Sun :
8:00 AM-8:00 PM
Inifinity Pool
Mon-Sun :
8:00 AM-8:00 PM
Whirlpool
Water Slide
Indoor pool
Indoor
Towels provided
Pool Heated
Outdoor pool
Outdoor
Towels provided
Children's Pool
Inifinity Pool
Outdoor
Towels provided
Whirlpool
Water Slide
Journey to Relaxation
Rejuvenate at Penha Longa Spa
For more information about the Spa, or to reserve a spa treatment please contact us through email at
spa.penhalonga@penhalonga.com
or by phone at +351 219 239 650.
Our Signature Treatments
Ritual for Two
An experience for two to float in a world of tranquility. The treatment begins with a foot washing ritual with scrub, followed by an exceptional full body massage, accompanied by the exclusive Penha Longa Signature Oil, with fresh and soothing citrus notes. 80min | 285€ | 2 people.
The Essential Shock (R)Evolution Facial
Firming & Replenishing - A luxury firming facial designed to redefine facial contours and restore elasticity, radiance, and a more even complexion. Combining Natura Bissé latest firming technology with expert lifting massage techniques, this indulgent treatment delivers visible firmness and revitalization while promoting deep relaxation and emotional wellbeing. 60min | 160€.
Deep Tissue
Slow movements with deep and direct depression unite the properties of virgin vegetable oils based on macadamia, sesame, and sunflower, with the essence of eucalyptus, peppermint, and Roman chamomile. The result is pain relief, releasing stress and such muscle contractures as neck and shoulder stiffness and lumbago. Experience is advisable for individuals with an active lifestyle. 50min | 155€
Hot Stones Massage
Therapeutic properties of basalt stones carefully placed on the body surface promote energy balance to come into contact with various chakras. The heat of stones merges with essential oils of lemongrass promoting the deep sense of well-being, harmony and rebalance from absolutely relaxing soft and extended movements. 80 minutes | €185 per person
Penha Longa Signature
Get involved in an experience that transports you to the XVI century where every detail is thought to give you a feeling of lightness and serenity. The treatment begins with a foot washing ritual with scrub, followed by an exceptional full body massage, accompanied by the exclusive Penha Longa Signature Oil, with fresh and soothing citrus notes. 80 minute | €170
Exclusive Spa Experiences
Fall Serenity
Wrap yourself in the serenity of autumn with a massage designed to soothe, restore, and renew. Gentle, deeply relaxing movements release accumulated tension, while the spa’s tranquil atmosphere awakens a sense of comfort and well being. An indulgent pause, crafted to harmonise body and mind and to celebrate the calm of the season. Offer valid from 1 October 2026 to 31 January 2027
Gift Voucher
A meaningful gift for those looking to rest and rejuvenate, a Penha Longa Spa gift voucher invites luxurious escape in a truly relaxing setting. Located just a few kilometers outside Lisbon and set within the natural beauty of the Sintra/Cascais region, the Penha Longa Spa and Wellness is a dedicated space designed around the principles of Zen philosophy. From €90 – Offer valid all year.
Sustainability
Penha Longa Spa is dedicated to sustainability, using natural, eco-friendly products free from harmful chemicals like parabens and sulfates. We prioritize waste management with recycling and proper disposal, using reusable cotton hand towels in the locker rooms and offering recycling stations. Energy consumption is reduced through LED lighting and maximizing natural light.
Our spa also features sustainable decor, with furniture made from recycled materials and natural plants to purify the air. We use biodegradable or recyclable packaging for products and minimize single-use plastics with glass alternatives. To enhance holistic well-being, we encourage guests to practice outdoor meditation in our oriental garden, fostering a deep connection with nature.
Spa Voucher
Beautifully presented gift vouchers are available at a variety of values and for any treatment or package; these can be purchased from reception. Vouchers are an ideal way of solving those ‘what-to-buy dilemmas’ for that special occasion, an anniversary surprise, birthday treat or just because you care!
Spa Services
Discover the SPA Menu at the Penha Longa SPA or by email at
spa.penhalonga@penhalonga.com
How to Spa
What Shall I Wear
Wear whatever is comfortable. Whilst at the spa we will provide you with a robe, disposable underwear, and slippers. On arrival, your Therapist will explain the elements of your treatment and advise what items of clothing should be worn during it. During treatments, all our Therapists are trained to drape you appropriately for privacy. Whilst using the SPA and any of our holistic experiences, appropriate clothing should be worn.
During Pregnancy
Please notify us if you are pregnant when booking your treatments. From 13 weeks of gestation, we design treatments with safe products and techniques for pregnancy.
Information & Cancellation Policy
The Spa is outside the main hotel 3 min walk, located next to the Penha Longa Monastery/Church, it’s a yellow building.
A 24-hour notice is allowed for cancellation or rescheduling at no additional cost. Cancellation with less than 24 hours implies a charge of 50% of the total treatment amount. No-show, without prior notice, implies charging 100% of the treatment fee. Any cancellation must be made by email, call, or in person at the Spa Reception.
Young Adults
SPA guests must be 18 years or older to access the facilities and receive body treatments or massages. Minors may receive selected treatments with the approval and accompaniment of their parents. Please refer to specific conditions.
How Do I Make an Appointment?
Spa reservations can be made by email at
spa.penhalonga@penhalonga.com
or by dialing 1000 from your room phone.
Frequently Asked Questions
Prior to Arrival
How can I make a reservation?
Reservations can be made by calling 351 219239650 ext. 1000 for by requesting A service online. We encourage you to reserve treatments at least one week in advance.
When should I arrive?
A visit to a spa should not be considered just an appointment, but rather a commitment to your well-being and self-improvement. To ensure you receive the maximum benefit and enjoyment from your day, please arrive at least 30 minutes prior to your first appointment. This will allow you to relax in our lounges, saunas, soaking tub, and garden facilities..
Should I shave before a treatment?
For men we advise you to shave prior to all facial treatments to ensure that maximum results are achieved.
What should I wear during my treatment?
Most body treatments are enjoyed without clothing. However, please wear whatever is comfortable for you. During all treatments, the body is fully draped, except for the area being worked on. Robes and slippers are provided.
What about my jewelry and valuables?
If you are staying in the hotel, please leave valuable items in the safe in your guestroom. Otherwise, lockers are available for your personal items in the spa facility. In any case the spa will not be held responsible for any personal belongings.
Who can guide me in choosing my treatments?
Our Spa Reception can help you to determine your needs to allow us to design your specific treatment experience. we have six broad areas of treatments that cover all aspects of spa therapy
Upon Arrival
What about my comfort?
This is your time and you should delight in the experience to the fullest. Whether it's the room temperature, the amount of massage pressure or the volume of the music, please share your preferences with us. We request that cell phones and pagers be turned off in the spa.
Spa Policies
Is there a minimum age for treatments?
Guests must be at least 16 years of age to enjoy spa treatments. If under the age of 18, treatments will be performed by a therapist of the same gender as the guest. Salon services are available for all ages.
What is the cancellation policy?
A 24 hour notice for cancellation or rescheduling will be allowed with no additional charge.
Cancellations with less than twenty four hours notice will be charge at 50% of the total amount of treatment or package.
For no show 100% of the treatment price will be charged.
What if I am late for my appointment?
Arriving late will simply limit the time for your treatment, as your treatment will end on time so that the next guest will not be delayed. The full value of your treatment will be applied, regardless of late arrivals.
What about payment for Spa services?
All major credit cards, and personal checks with proper identification are accepted. Spa services can also be charged to your hotel bill.. Discounts do not apply to spa packages, promotions, special events or holidays.
What about gratuities?
If you choose, you may opt to leave additional gratuity for your therapist.
Health Questions
What if I have special health considerations?
Please notify our Spa reservation department before booking your treatments if you have high blood pressure, allergies, any other physical ailments or disabilities, or if you are pregnant. If you have any concern at all, please let us know. If at any time during your services you experience discomfort, please alert your therapist immediately.
What if I am pregnant?
While there are a few services that should be avoided during pregnancy, there are many beneficial treatments that can be enjoyed. Please notify our Spa reservation agents if you are pregnant when you make your appointments so that they can offer guidance.
Private and Group Classes
Private and group classes are available, subject to prior booking and availability. For more information, please contact us.
Overview
Suites & Rooms
Signature Suites
Dining
Spa
Destination & Activities
Golf
Meetings
Weddings
Gallery
Privacy Center
Estrada da Lagoa Azul, Linhó, Quinta da Penha Longa,
Sintra, Portugal, 2714-511
Facebook
Instagram