Jakarta Spas - Luxury Spa Jakarta | The Ritz-Carlton Jakarta, Mega Kuningan
Skip to
main content
Menu text
Menu close text
Marriott Logo
Marriott Logo
Find & Reserve
Deals & Packages
Meetings & Events
Our Brand
About Marriott Bonvoy
Our Credit Cards
Careers at Marriott
Language Selector
English(US)
Help
Select a Language
English(US)
Bahasa Indonesia
Close
Close Dialog
The Ritz-Carlton Jakarta, Mega Kuningan
Overview
Suites & Rooms
Club
Dining
Spa
Destination & Activities
Meetings
Weddings
Gallery
The Ritz-Carlton Jakarta, Mega Kuningan
VIEW MAP
VIEW MAP
+62 21-25518888
RESERVE
Cancel
DATES
(
1
NIGHT)
NIGHTS)
Flexible in
Specific Dates
Flexible Dates
S
M
T
W
T
F
S
Number of Nights
Remove Nights
1
Add Nights
Done
Continue with
NIGHT
NIGHTS
Rooms & Guests
1
Room,
Rooms,
1
Adult
Adults
1
Child
Children
Cancel
Maximum
8
guests per room
Rooms
(Max: 3 Rooms/person)
-
1
+
Adults
(Max: 8 total guests/room)
-
1
+
Children
(Max: 8 total guests/room)
-
0
+
AGE OF CHILDREN (REQUIRED)
Done
Special Rates
Lowest Regular Rate
Cancel
Special Rates/points
Select a Rate
Lowest Regular Rate
Corp/Promo Code
&times;
Senior Discount
AAA/CAA
Government & Military
Group Code
&times;
Marriott Bonvoy Points
ADD CORP/PROMO CODE
Done
View Rates
Ratings & Reviews
Bazaar Voice
Ratings & Reviews
Bazaar Voice
Previous
0
1
">
Next
01
/
02
Gallery
01
/
02
|
Gallery
Discover a World of Tranquility and Healing at Our Luxury Jakarta Spa
Spa
Nestled amidst lush tropical gardens are nineteen luxurious treatment rooms, including Jakarta’s only four spa villas with private outdoor soaking tubs. In sync with the tranquility, wisdom and splendor of the natural world, the Spa at The Ritz-Carlton Jakarta, Mega Kuningan offers a peaceful haven where life-enriching treatments bring balance to body, mind, and spirit.
Relax & Rejuvenate at The Ritz-Carlton Spa
We would be delighted to provide you with further assistance. Please send an email to: email rc.jktrz.spa@ritzcarlton.com
The Ritz-Carlton Spa
Nestled amidst lush tropical gardens are nineteen luxurious treatment rooms, including Jakarta's only four spa villas with private outdoor soaking tubs. Our luxury spa in Jakarta is where life-enriching treatments bring balance to body and spirit.
Phone:
+62 21-2551 8888 8975
Everyday:
9:00 AM-11:00 PM
Appointment required
The Ritz-Carlton Spa Menu
Visit Website
Services,Treatments and Amenities
Body Scrub
Body Wrap
Couples Massages
Eye Treatment
Facials
Fitness Classes
Fitness Counseling Services
Foot Bath
In-Suite Massages
Instructions in the art of massage
Kids Services
Lip Treatment
Manicures/Pedicures
Massages
Men's Services
Plunge Pool
Separate Men & Women's Lounges
Steam Room
Therapy Bath
Waxing
Pool & Wellness Temporary Closure
To maintain high standards, our pool & wellness areas will undergo annual maintenance from 2–9 March 2025, reopening on 10 March 2025. Spa treatments remain available at Spa Villa or JW Marriott Hotel, and guests may use the JW Marriott Hotel pool.
The Ritz-Carlton Health Club
This state-of-the-art fitness facility features a tropical pool, jogging track and private Gazebos.
Open 7 days a week, 24 hours a day
Visit Website
Facilities Available
Locker rooms
Sauna rooms
Steam Rooms
Fitness Services
State of the art fitness center
Special Guest Privileges
Complimentary for in-house guests only
Equipment Available
Cardiovascular Equipment
Elliptical Machine(s)
Exercise Bike(s)
Free Weights
Private Studio Rooms
Strength Equipment
Treadmill(s)
Weight Machines
Swimming
Outdoor Pool
Mon-Sun :
6:00 AM-6:00 PM
Whirlpool
Outdoor Pool
Outdoor
Towels provided
Lifeguard on Duty
Children's Pool
Whirlpool
Author a room pool
for which API response Exists
Close button
FAQs
Facilities
What facilities do you have in your Spa?
Guests can enjoy complete Spa facilities from a steam room, sauna, cold plunge, soaking tub, and private locker room with lounge area.
Do you have Fitness Center?
Fitness Centre is adjacent to the Spa area with modern facilities and a tropical outdoor Olympic size swimming pool.
Do you have Female and Male therapists?
Our Spa provides talented and well-trained female or male therapists depending on the guest’s request.
Packages
What are the Spa packages available?
We have 3 types of treatments ranging from 90 minutes to 3 hours of service:
Our famous 3 hours Spa treatment consists of body massage, body scrubs, body mask, facial, and relaxing floral bath in our outdoor soaking tub.
For shorter treatment, our 2 hours massage consists of body massage, body scrubs, and a body mask
A simple 90-minute relaxing treatment with body massage and body scrubs
We also created seasonal packages for our guests, please contact our Spa for further information on seasonal packages.
What are the prices for the Packages?
The prices are:
USD 58++ for 60 minutes massage
USD 79++ for 90 minutes massage
Spa package starting from USD 91++ to USD 456++
Other FAQs
How far in advance prior to my appointment should I arrive?
Please arrive 15 minutes before your scheduled treatment
What if I am late for my appointment?
Arriving late will shorten your treatment. Kindly note your treatment must end on time to prevent further delays.
How do I schedule an appointment?
Please reserve your treatment(s) in advance by dialing ext. 8975 from your room or by visiting the spa at your convenience.
Are children allowed at the Spa?
Spa guests must be at least 16 years of age
Can I bring my mobile phone?
Our Spa promotes an environment of tranquility and relaxation. Please respect other guests' rights to privacy and peace.
What is the cancellation policy?
For cancellations or changes in appointments, a minimum of 24-hour notice is required.
Where do I go once I arrive at the Spa?
Upon arrival at the Spa, please go directly to the Reception Counter. Our Spa Receptionist/Coordinator will re-confirm and briefly explain your scheduled treatments.
What kind of clothing I should wear for my treatment?
We ask that you disrobe completely for your body treatment(s). Our therapists are trained to appropriately drape you for privacy.
Are pregnant women allowed to have treatments?
If you are pregnant, you may want to avoid treatments using deep pressure and hydrotherapy treatments involving heat. Please inform our Spa Receptionist/Coordinator of your condition upon scheduling your treatment, enabling us to assist you in selecting the most appropriate treatments.
Find Serenity in Jakarta
Reserve by Phone. For more information about this distinctive Indonesian spa, or to reserve a spa treatment, please call +62 21 2551 8888 or email rc.jktrz.spa@ritzcarlton.com. Spa hours of operation Monday– Sunday: 9 a.m. to 11 p.m.
Featured Treatments
Mystical Touch Massage
Discover Bali’s most mystical island in a holistic atmosphere experience. This signature massage will bring you into a magical touch of traditional Balinese technique involving body acupressure and reflexology points from feet to spinalis muscles, which focuses on your central nervous system to the ultimate relaxation which stimulates the blood circulation, and relieves muscle pain.
Gentlemen Retreat
The environment, travel and daily lifestyle choices can all visibly reflect on your most prominent features. Recharge your body with this powerful retreat designed to alleviate deep-seated tension and muscular stress. Starting with invigorating body exfoliation, continue with a Chinese tradition foot massage therapy, and finish with a signature Mystical Touch massage.
The Royal Heritage Head to Toe Experience
Reward yourself with a Royal Javanese ritual; to pamper, rejuvenate and re-energize. This treatment ritual will help nourish and revitalize, leaving a silky feeling in your skin. It also helps to boost the energy and blood circulation at the same time while clearing any blockages from head to toe. A total rejuvenation.
Batavia Massage
This Javanese massage is the most ancient method of body massage that promotes relaxation. The massage works gently, yet deeply into the muscles with continuous, flowing strokes, allowing the recipient to relax and give in to the nurturing touch.
Reflexology
Foot massage focuses on the reflex zones of the feet, and this blissful treatment continues to the Meridian lines points from the feet, all the way to the legs. Trigger zones are to stimulate and awaken the organ system of the body, whereas holistic rejuvenating techniques help to restore balance and harmony to your body.
Beauty
Blissful Pampering Session
Discover the ultimate beauty experience through our exceptional range of treatments. Allow our team of experts to elevate your beauty to new heights, leaving you radiating with confidence and captivation.
Fitness Center
Adjoining The Ritz-Carlton Spa is The Ritz-Carlton Health Club, a state-of-the-art fitness facility that includes a cascading 48.5 meter-long tropical swimming pool, a 350-meter outdoor jogging track, and four private Gazebos. Fitness Center opens for 24 hours. Swimming Pool: 6 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Author a room pool
for which API response Exists
Close button
Wellness Experiences
Yoga Session
Join us every Wednesday for a rejuvenating and invigorating complimentary yoga session. Our expert instructors will guide you through a blissful hour of gentle stretches, mindful breathing, and soothing meditation.
Private Muay Thai Class
Embark on a thrilling journey of self-improvement and empowerment with our private Muay Thai classes. Designed for individuals seeking a personalized training experience, our private sessions offer dedicated attention from highly skilled and experienced Muay Thai trainers.
Overview
Suites & Rooms
Club
Dining
Spa
Destination & Activities
Meetings
Weddings
Gallery
Privacy Center
Jl. DR. Ide Anak Agung Gde Agung Kav.E.1.1 no.1, Mega Kuningan,
Jakarta, Indonesia, 12950
Toll Free:
+62-21-25518888
Fax:
+62 21-25518889
Facebook
Instagram