Experiences | The Ritz-Carlton, Guangzhou
Skip to
main content
Menu text
Menu close text
Marriott Logo
Marriott Logo
Find & Reserve
Deals & Packages
Meetings & Events
Our Brand
About Marriott Bonvoy
Our Credit Cards
Careers at Marriott
Language Selector
English(US)
Help
Select a Language
English(US)
Русский
اللغة العربية
简体中文
Close
Close Dialog
The Ritz-Carlton, Guangzhou
Overview
Suites & Rooms
Club
Dining
Spa
Destination & Activities
Meetings
Weddings
Gallery
The Ritz-Carlton, Guangzhou
VIEW MAP
VIEW MAP
+86 20-3813 6688
RESERVE
Cancel
DATES
(
1
NIGHT)
NIGHTS)
Flexible in
Specific Dates
Flexible Dates
S
M
T
W
T
F
S
Number of Nights
Remove Nights
1
Add Nights
Done
Continue with
NIGHT
NIGHTS
Rooms & Guests
1
Room,
Rooms,
1
Adult
Adults
1
Child
Children
Cancel
Maximum
8
guests per room
Rooms
(Max: 3 Rooms/person)
-
1
+
Adults
(Max: 8 total guests/room)
-
1
+
Children
(Max: 8 total guests/room)
-
0
+
AGE OF CHILDREN (REQUIRED)
Done
Special Rates
Lowest Regular Rate
Cancel
Special Rates/points
Select a Rate
Lowest Regular Rate
Corp/Promo Code
&times;
Senior Discount
AAA/CAA
Government & Military
Group Code
&times;
Marriott Bonvoy Points
ADD CORP/PROMO CODE
Done
View Rates
Ratings & Reviews
Bazaar Voice
Ratings & Reviews
Bazaar Voice
Escape Worldly Cares at This Guangzhou Spa
Experiences
From the moment you set foot inside The Ritz-Carlton Spa, Guangzhou, the bustle of the city simply vanishes. Here you will discover a retreat where soothing, organic tones and sumptuous finishes invite you to relax and rebalance. Explore signature treatments designed to restore the body, mind and spirit. Soothe your aching muscles with a therapeutic massage, or impart new radiance to your skin with a personalized facial treatment. Encompassing more than 43,000 square feet on an entire floor of the hotel, the spa includes a fitness center and a heated, outdoor swimming pool.
The Ritz Carlton Spa
The Ritz-Carlton Spa® with 8 treatment rooms is available for those who wish to pamper themselves in luxurious style.
Phone:
+86 20-38136668
Everyday:
10:00 AM-11:00 PM
Appointment required
Services,Treatments and Amenities
Body Scrub
Body Wrap
Couples Massages
Facials
Fitness Classes
Fitness Counseling Services
Foot Bath
Lap Pool
Makeup Services
Manicures/Pedicures
Massages
Plunge Pool
Scalp & Hair Treatment
Separate Men & Women's Lounges
Steam Room
Fitness Center
The fitness center with advanced Technogym equipment is available to guests who wish to exercise.
Open 7 days a week, 24 hours a day
Facilities Available
Locker rooms
Steam Rooms
Fitness Services
For in-house guests & members
Equipment Available
Cardiovascular Equipment
Elliptical Machine(s)
Exercise Bike(s)
Free Weights
Rowing Machine(s)
Strength Equipment
TechnoGym Equipment, steam room, and Jacuzzi
Treadmill(s)
Weight Machines
Swimming
Heated Outdoor Lap Pool
Mon-Sun :
6:00 AM-10:00 PM
Heated Outdoor Lap Pool
Outdoor
Towels provided
Pool Heated
Lifeguard on Duty
Area & Activites
Begin your exploration of this dynamic cultural destination and bustling center of commerce with an exceptional hotel near the Pearl River and Tianhe District in Guangzhou. Within walking distance from many of the city’s landmarks and attractions, The Ritz-Carlton, Guangzhou offers amazing views of the Pearl River and affords great convenience to travelers wishing to discover Guangzhou’s rich cultural heritage and modern pioneering spirit. Be fascinated by Cantonese heritage and history at the Guangzhou Opera House, Guangzhou Museum and Guangzhou Library or immerse in the city’s modern commercial vibrancy at the Guangzhou International Convention and Exhibition Center, the designated home of the China Import and Export Fair.
Author a room pool for
which API response Exists
Close button
Local Area Attractions
Located among the city’s shops, sights and hotels in the Tianhe district, The Ritz-Carlton, Guangzhou serves as the ideal starting point to embark on an exploration and discovery of one of China’s fascinating cities. Within striking distance from the Canton Tower and overlooking the expansive Pearl River, the views from the hotel are enticing as they are spectacular, inviting new visitors to venture a closer look. Famed for its iconic Cantonese cuisine, bustling commercial centers and rich cultural heritage, the vibrant city of Guangzhou features no shortage of exciting attractions and seasonal events. Peer into China’s past at the Guangdong Museum, Guangzhou Library and Guangzhou Opera House. Or, participate in one of the city’s many professional and social events, including the China Import and Export Fair in the Tianhe district, or the annual Christmas Tree Lighting which is held every December at The Ritz-Carlton, Guangzhou.
Author a room pool
for which API response Exists
Close button
Arts and Culture
Guangzhou Museum of Art in Ersha Island
An art museum on tranquil Ersha Island featuring an extensive collection of two– and three-dimensional works.
Distance: 2 kilometers/10 minutes
Guangzhou Opera House
Designed by Stirling Prize-winning architect Zaha Hadid and reportedly costing in excess of 1 billion yuan, the Guangzhou Opera House is located on the bank of the Pearl River adjacent to the Guangzhou TV & Sightseeing Tower – Canton Tower, beside the New Guangdong Museum and a only a brief stroll across the promenade from The Ritz-Carlton, Guangzhou.
Characterized by sweeping, organic curves reminiscent of a gently-rolling seascape, many claim that the Opera House’s interior is even more impressive, featuring state-of-the-art acoustics and a perfect marriage of avant-garde design to individual comfort.
Distance: Walking distance
The National Sun Yat-Sen Memorial Hall
The National Sun Yat-Sen Memorial Hall features a world-class performance hall and an exhibition center commemorating the “Father of Modern China”.
Distance: 7 kilometers/20 minutes
The New Guangdong Museum
The new Guangdong Museum, located within a short walking distance away from The Ritz-Carlton, Guangzhou, offers insights into the history and culture of Guangdong province and attracts an estimated 5,000 visitors every day. Featuring an extensive collection of historical treasures—the museum promises a delightful afternoon of enlightenment, free of charge.
Open: Tuesday to Sunday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Distance: Walking distance
Chimelong Safari Park
Guangzhou Chimelong Safari Park wild animal world belongs to the first batch of the national, Guangzhou's only national 5A scenic spot tourism resort, located in Panyu, Guangzhou. The park with large populations of wild animal breeding and self driving ornamental features, known as the most China international standard of national wild animal zoo, is the world's population, up to the wild animal theme park.
Distance: 12 kilometers/35 minutes
Xinhai Concert Hall
A sophisticated concert hall on Ersha Island that regularly hosts international orchestras, bands and ballet troupes.
Distance: 3 kilometers/10 minutes
Yuexiu Park
An expansive city-center park with museums, monuments and extensive greenery.
Distance: 20 kilometers/25 minutes
Points of Interest
Bai Yun Mountain
One of Guangzhou’s enduring historical landmarks and a popular destination for locals and visitors alike.
Distance: 10 kilometers/30 minutes
Canton Tower
The Canton TV & Sightseeing Tower, Guangzhou’s skyscraping landmark just across the Pearl River from The Ritz-Carlton, Guangzhou, was conceived in 2004 by Dutch architecture maestros, Mark Hemel and Barbara Kuit. The design is heavily-informed by gender aesthetics, being described by the duo as “[having] the identity of a female; smooth, curved, slender, gracious and incorporating diversity of spaces and floor-plan sizes, in short a sexy tower” in contrast to the masculine properties of most skyscrapers (“angular, simplistic, heavy and based on repetition”).
The finished tower reaches 610 meters high and includes two circular, rotating restaurants as well as a private dining room 407 meters above the city.
Distance: 1 kilometer/5 minutes
Guangzhou Library
One of the four public works on the Square (the others being the New Guangdong Museum, the Guangzhou Opera House and the Guangzhou “2nd Children’s Center”), the library boasts a total capacity of 4 billion books and can accommodate up to 6000 visitors. With a variety of public service offices and designed to evoke the fluttering pages of an open book, the library is an ideal venue for scholarship and contemplation. Operation Hours:
9 a.m. to 9 p.m.; Wednesday Closed; Public Holidays: 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Haixinsha Island
The site of the 2010 Asian Games’ illustrious opening ceremony, Haixinsha Island opened as a public attraction in January 2011. Having wowed an estimated 34,000 spectators with dancers seemingly walking upon water and massive LED displays unfurling like sails (in a tribute to Guangzhou’s enduring maritime culture), Haixinsha is now open for both day– and night tours and is connected to the riverbank by an underground tunnel.
Distance: Less than 1 kilometer/2 minutes
Pearl River Night Cruise
A traditional pastime for visitors to Guangzhou, a night cruise of the Pearl River offers cooling breezes and a refreshing experience of the city’s brightly-illuminated waterfront.
Distance: 4 kilometers/10 minutes
Shamian Island
Shamian Island was constructed in the 19th Century by Sir Harry Parkes to serve as an enclave for foreign diplomats and merchants in Canton. Today, it remains a popular destination for weekend outings due to its unique European architecture and lush greenery.
Distance: 9 kilometers/25 minutes
Xi Guan Heritage Street
Xi Guan, a historical district of Guangzhou dating back centuries, is preserved in the form of the “Xi Guan Heritage Street”. Of particular interest are the elaborate residences and crowded shopping arcades—both characteristic of what has become known as the “Xi Guan” style.
Distance: 7 kilometers/20 minutes
Shopping
K11 Guangzhou Art Mall
A new cultural landmark of the Pearl River Delta.
Distance: Walking distance
Guangzhou International Grand City (igc)
A landmark one-stop complex.
Distance: Walking distance
Taikoo Hui Guangzhou
A large-scale mixed-use development in the heart of the vibrant Tianhe Central Business District.
Distance: 3.6 kilometers/20 minutes
Changshou Road
A popular congregation hub of jade merchants.
Distance: 10 kilometers/30 minutes
Daxin Road and Wende Road
Two commercial areas specializing in arts, crafts and cultural products.
Distance: 8 kilometers/25 minutes
La Perle and the Friendship Stores
Two upscale shopping malls featuring international- and local luxury brands.
Distance: 4 kilometers/15 minutes
Shangxiajiu Pedestrian Street
A shopping hotspot sprinkled with a mixture of Chinese and Western architecture.
Distance: 6 kilometers/20 minutes
Yi De Road
A bustling center of wholesalers of every imaginable product.
Distance: 8 kilometers/25 minutes
Planning Your Trip
Located by the Pearl River, Guangzhou is known for its avant-garde architecture and Cantonese culture.
Learn More
Author a room pool
for which API response Exists
Close button
Ritz Kids
The Ritz-Carlton, Guangzhou caters to the individual needs of even our young guests, making it an ideal destination for family vacations. Our family-friendly Ritz Kids program was designed to make travel fun and engaging by tapping into kid’s innate curiosity and encouraging them to explore, play and learn. Immersive and adventurous, the Ritz Kids program provides enthralling activities that highlight the beauty and wonder of Guangzhou’s rich culture, history and landscape.
Author a room pool for
which API response Exists
Close button
Ritz Kids
Prior to arrival, a Guest Relations officer will contact you to ask about your children’s names, ages, any allergies they may have, their needs and preferences in order to customize your stay.
Our Ritz Kids program includes:
Special check-in experience
A Ritz Kids registration desk
Kids’ colorful step stool
A fun “registration” form for children to complete that includes their age, birthday, mom and dad’s names, favorite color, food and drinks!
Welcome Folder Amenity
Welcome Ritz Kids packet with a coloring book and a scavenger hunt kit focused on the Ritz Kids four key pillars: water, land, culture and environmental responsibility
In-Room Communication
Personalized welcome letter for the child
Welcome card, toy and food amenity in guest room
F&B Dining Outlets
A Ritz Kids menu is offered throughout the hotel, including FOODS restaurant and In-Room Dining. In the restaurants, kids enjoy a complimentary welcome snack prior to their meal during breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Fun with Leo
Spend a fun-filled Weekend staycation with us at The Ritz-Carlton, Guangzhou with loads of fun-filled activities prepared especially for our young Ladies & Gentlemen. Enjoy this engaging and educational journey with us!
Time: 15:00-16:00, Saturday and Sunday
Location: FOODS Restaurant (Level 1)
Fond Farewell Card
Amenity in guest room.
Night Safari
The Ritz Kids® Night Safari encourages the spirit of the great outdoors to the inside by allowing kids to set up a specially-provided camping tent inside the suite, with special amenities to liven up the night and cater to kid’s inquisitiveness, creativity, and thirst for new adventures.
This program takes little ones from ages 4-8 on an adventure, from the moment they check in at our hotel.
Check-in Experience
Separate Check-in Counter
Coloring book and stamp card
Welcome amenities: A set of special menus (such as chocolate and healthy vegetable bar)
Camping Amenities
Camping tent
A special tote
A set of bathrobes and slippers
Leo The Lion Plush Toy
Leo The Lion Luggage Tag
‘Do Not Disturb (Shhhhh…)’ card
A Kids Pool Bag
Kid’s shampoo
Kid’s body wash
Kid’s body lotion
A rubber duck toy
More Activities and Local Partners
Guangzhou Opera House
Canton Tower
Guangdong Museum
Frequently Asked Questions
Does The Ritz-Carlton, Guangzhou have a fitness center on-site?
Yes. The Ritz-Carlton, Guangzhou offers a complimentary fitness center to hotel guests during their stay.
The fitness center includes equipment such as Cardiovascular Equipment, Elliptical Machine(s), Exercise Bike(s), Free Weights, Rowing Machine(s), Strength Equipment, TechnoGym Equipment, steam room, and Jacuzzi, Treadmill(s), and Weight Machines, making it suitable for both quick workouts and full training sessions.
Does The Ritz-Carlton, Guangzhou have a pool on-site?
Yes, The Ritz-Carlton, Guangzhou has one Outdoor pool on-site for hotel guests.
Does The Ritz-Carlton, Guangzhou have an on-site spa?
Yes, The Ritz Carlton Spa is located on-site at The Ritz-Carlton, Guangzhou.
What are some local attractions and things to do near The Ritz-Carlton, Guangzhou?
Guangzhou Museum, Liurongsi Flower Pagoda, Museum of The Western Han Dynasty Mausoleum of The Nanyue King, Pearl River Night Cruise, Shamian Island and more are nearby The Ritz-Carlton, Guangzhou.
Unlock your stay with the Marriott Bonvoy™ App
Overview
Suites & Rooms
Club
Dining
Spa
Destination & Activities
Meetings
Weddings
Gallery
Privacy Center
3 Xing An Road, Pearl River New City, Tianhe District,
Guangzhou, Guangdong, China, 510623
Toll Free:
+86-20-3813 6898
Fax:
+86 20-3813 6666