North Miami Beach Hotel Spa | The Ritz-Carlton Bal Harbour, Miami
Skip to
main content
Menu text
Menu close text
Marriott Logo
Marriott Logo
Find & Reserve
Deals & Packages
Meetings & Events
Our Brand
About Marriott Bonvoy
Our Credit Cards
Careers at Marriott
Language Selector
English(US)
Help
Select a Language
English(US)
Español
Close
Close Dialog
The Ritz-Carlton Bal Harbour, Miami
Overview
Suites & Rooms
Destination & Activities
Meetings
Weddings
Gallery
The Ritz-Carlton Bal Harbour, Miami
VIEW MAP
VIEW MAP
+1 305-455-5400
RESERVE
Cancel
DATES
(
1
NIGHT)
NIGHTS)
Flexible in
Specific Dates
Flexible Dates
S
M
T
W
T
F
S
Number of Nights
Remove Nights
1
Add Nights
Done
Continue with
NIGHT
NIGHTS
Rooms & Guests
1
Room,
Rooms,
1
Adult
Adults
1
Child
Children
Cancel
Maximum
8
guests per room
Rooms
(Max: 3 Rooms/person)
-
1
+
Adults
(Max: 8 total guests/room)
-
1
+
Children
(Max: 8 total guests/room)
-
0
+
AGE OF CHILDREN (REQUIRED)
Done
Special Rates
Lowest Regular Rate
Cancel
Special Rates/points
Select a Rate
Lowest Regular Rate
Corp/Promo Code
&times;
Senior Discount
AAA/CAA
Government & Military
Group Code
&times;
Marriott Bonvoy Points
ADD CORP/PROMO CODE
Done
View Rates
Ratings & Reviews
Bazaar Voice
Ratings & Reviews
Bazaar Voice
Previous
0
1
2
">
Next
01
/
03
Gallery
01
/
03
|
Gallery
exhale at The Ritz-Carlton Bal Harbour, Miami
Relax with a hotel massage in our North Miami Beach spa
Located within The Ritz-Carlton Bal Harbour, Miami the stunning waterfront spa and boutique fitness destination features a suite of private therapy rooms, as well as men’s and women’s sauna and steam rooms. Overlooking the Intracoastal Water Way, our Bal Harbour luxury spa offers a complete menu of results-oriented therapies including massages, waxing, manicures, pedicures and facials in North Miami Beach​. The light-filled boutique fitness studio hosts a full schedule of daily barre, cardio, yoga, and HITT classes with breathtaking views.
A Resort Reimagined
Our resort is undergoing a transformation with plans to welcome you again starting January 2027. We hope you share in our excitement as we create an enduring escape for all who visit.
Fitness Center
Currently closed for a reimagining. We look forward to welcoming you back in December 2026.
Equipment Available
Cardiovascular Equipment
Elliptical Machine(s)
Exercise Bike(s)
Free Weights
Stair Climber(s)
Strength Equipment
Treadmill(s)
Weight Machines
Swimming
Outdoor Pool
Whirlpool
Outdoor Pool
Outdoor
Towels provided
Pool Heated
Whirlpool
Services, Treatments and Amenities
Indulge in a thoughtfully curated selection of wellness experiences designed to rejuvenate body and mind. From invigorating body scrubs and soothing hotel massages in North Miami Beach to energizing daily wellness classes, every service is crafted with care. Enjoy access to our fitness center and serene amenities including steam room and sauna.
Visit Website
Daily Wellness Classes
Hotel guests can enjoy a full schedule of complimentary barre, cardio, yoga and HIIT classes at our spa in North Miami Beach, located in the studio, poolside or on the white sands of Bal Harbour beach.
Learn More
Featured Therapies
Discover our full-service wellness spa at Bal Harbour, where every detail is curated with industry-leading skincare and wellness partners. Therapies include 60- and 90-minute massages, body treatments and facials in North Miami Beach​ —all tailored to meet your individual needs and leave you feeling deeply restored.
Book Spa Services
Virtual Classes
Enjoy hundreds of interactive on-demand and virtual livestream workout classes that bring the feel of a studio class right to wherever you are, all on the same platform.
Explore exhale
Unwind at Exhale
For more information, or to reserve a spa treatment or fitness class, please contact us. Spa and salon hours of operation are Monday through Sunday, 9:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. Appointments required.
Contact Us
Featured Amenities
Barre + yoga studio, changing rooms, couple's therapy room, daily lockers, gym, manicure/pedicure bar, showers, steam room, wellbeing boutique, zen lounge.
Spa Therapies
Facials, massages, manicures, pedicures, waxing.
Exhale Gift Cards
As a guest of the hotel, enjoy a $25 gift from Exhale for use on spa, fitness and well-being. For use on services totaling $100 or more at Exhale Bal Harbour. Please call for more information: (305) 455-5411
Give the gift of relaxation, from spa therapies to fitness classes and boutique items. Please visit the Exhale front desk or purchase online.
Wedding Events
Craft the perfect custom package for your wedding party. Pre-wedding spa events can include:
30% savings on therapies for the couple
15% savings on all therapies for the wedding party, family and friends
A private group fitness class for parties of five or more
Six and 12-week bridal boot camp for local brides.
For more information, please call (305) 455-5411.
Group Offers
At Exhale, we provide everything needed to create the perfect event. Whether you are planning a corporate outing or simply hosting a spa party for friends, there’s no better place to gather a group for relaxation, rejuvenation, and fun.
Frequently Asked Questions
How can I make a reservation?
Reservations can be made by calling (305) 455-5411 or online at exhalespa.com/bal-harbour. We encourage you to reserve treatments at least one week in advance.
Who can guide me in choosing my treatments?
Our spa coordinator will help you plan the perfect spa experience, including the best order in which to enjoy your treatments.
Do I need to be a hotel guest to have a spa treatment?
Spa treatments may be booked by hotel guests or external guests. External guests booking a treatment are welcome to enjoy the spa facilities throughout the day of treatment and discounted valet parking.
What time shall I arrive?
To enhance your experience, please arrive 30 minutes before your scheduled treatment. This will allow time to relax in the lounge, steam room and sauna.
Do I shave before my treatment?
Shaving is recommended but not necessary for men prior to a facial. If you choose to shave prior to your facial, please do so at least two hours before your appointment. Shaving is not recommended prior to body treatments or hair removal services.
What should I not bring to the spa?
Lockers are available for clothing; however, it is recommended that you leave valuable items in the safe in your guest room or at home. Cell phones and pagers must be turned off while you are in the spa.
Is there a minimum age for treatments?
Guests of exhale Bal Harbour must be 18 years of age or older to enjoy spa services. Salon services are available for guests of all ages. Please also take note that use of the Relaxation Lounge area is limited to adults, 18 years of age or older.
May I use the fitness center amenities without getting treatment?
Hotel guests may use the fitness center and pool at no charge. Local residents may enjoy the spa facilities with the purchase of a day pass ($35 per guest, 18 years and older). Guests not staying at the hotel but purchasing a treatment may also use the spa facilities (spa, fitness center, relaxation lounge). Pool access is limited to hotel guests.
What should I wear during my treatment?
Most body treatments are enjoyed without clothing, but please wear whatever is comfortable for you. Disposable underwear is available upon request. During all treatments, the body is fully draped, except for the area being worked on. A robe and spa sandals are provided.
What about my comfort?
Your experience at exhale Bal Harbour is your time, and you should delight in it to the fullest. If you experience discomfort due to room temperature, massage pressure, music volume or any other conditions, please tell your therapist immediately.
What if I have special health considerations?
When making reservations, please notify the agent if you have high blood pressure, allergies, or any physical ailments or disabilities.
What if I am pregnant?
While there are a few services that should be avoided after the first trimester, there are many treatments that can still be enjoyed. Please notify our spa reservation agents if you are pregnant when you make your appointments so that they can offer guidance.
What if I am late for my appointment?
Arriving late will simply limit the time of your treatment, thus lessening its effectiveness and your pleasure. Your treatment will end on time so the next guest will not be delayed. The full value of your treatment will be charged.
What about gratuities?
A 20% gratuity will be added to the price of your service(s) for your convenience. Additional gratuities are a matter of personal discretion and should reflect your satisfaction with our services.
What about payment for spa services?
A credit card number is required at the time reservations are made. All major credit cards are accepted. You may also charge spa services to your hotel bill.
Are gift cards available?
You may purchase gift cards from the spa starting at $25.
What is the cancellation policy?
All reservations must be canceled by 6 p.m. the day prior to your appointment. Please make any changes or cancellations to scheduled appointments by 6 p.m. the day prior online or by calling the spa. Appointments booked after 6 pm the evening before cannot be canceled. If we are not notified, you will be charged 100% payment for services not canceled in the time allotted. This charge will be applied to the payment method provided at the time of booking or another valid form of payment.
Unlock your stay with the Marriott Bonvoy™ App
Overview
Suites & Rooms
Destination & Activities
Meetings
Weddings
Gallery
Privacy Center
10295 Collins Avenue,
Bal Harbour, Florida, USA, 33154
Fax:
+1 305-455-5397
Facebook
Instagram